

Chapter 1: The Boy From The Fishing Village

 A remote fishing village, Quan Zhou, Kai Yuan Prefecture, Da Qi Kingdom. 

A richly ornamented carriage stood parked outside a shabby wooden cabin. Several armed men in black robes stood on guard around it. The villagers were swarming around the scene in excitement; they were talking to each other in whispers.

“Are they really from the Jin Family… the Feng City’s Jin Family?”

“Yes, I’m not mistaken. See that golden embroidery on their robes… No other family in the Kai Yuan Prefecture wears it apart from the Jin Family.”

“This is unbelievable! Everyone had assumed that Shi Ting had died an untimely death. No one heard anything from him in the ten years after he abandoned his wife and son. Everyone thought that he had probably fallen prey to some illness in some unknown land. But now… it seems that he has established himself with the Jin Family… and has sent his men to get his son – Shi Mu. It’s a pity that the boy’s mother has died. Otherwise, she would’ve enjoyed a life of wealth and prosperity.”

“Wealth and prosperity?! That’s quite unlikely. Didn’t you overhear the Jin family’s soldiers’ conversation that Shi Ting is now the son-in-law of the Jin family… and he wouldn’t have dared to send his men for Shi Mu if the boy’s mother was still alive?”

“Nonetheless, Shi Mu’s hardships will finally come to an end now. He was just an orphan until yesterday. But, he’ll become a Young Master now.”

“My father is seriously ill… and lies in bed. Moreover, I’ve a younger sister that I didn’t know about?” Shi Mu asked the blue-robed old man who stood in front of him in a tone of disbelief.

The harsh sun and the winds from the ocean had turned his skin into a shade of auburn; this made him look a lot older than his thirteen years of age. His features were strong, and made him stand out from his peers. His shabby shirt did little to hide his muscular stature, and added a fierce aura to his presence.

“That’s right. The ailing Master may not be too far from his day of doom. That’s the reason why I’ve come here. Madam has asked me to bring Young Master Shi back with me to bid the Master goodbye at his deathbed,” the man replied with a mild smile.

“Who’s this Madam that you speak of? My father abandoned me and my mother when I was a little child. There’s no use of him coming back for me after all these years. You may leave. I’ll not go with you to the Jins’,” the boy answered in a sour tone without any hesitation.

“Alas! I’m afraid that you – Young Master Shi – have misunderstood my Master. Master has faced several difficulties over these years. So, he couldn’t come back for Young Master Shi. It’s his greatest desire to meet the Young Master in order to resolve the differences… and leave the past behind,” the old servant explained.

“Humph! That man abandoned his own family. Nothing that you say can change this fact. You may leave now,” the boy said in a cold tone.

The blue-robed old man seemed to be in state a flux. He knitted his brows, and observed the boy’s feature. He then spoke with a sense of decisiveness, “Didn’t the medicine that Young Master Shi has been buying from the town’s pharmacist seem unreasonably cheap? Hasn’t the martial arts instructor of the town been charging the Young Master less than all his other students? Aren’t the fish that are caught from the sea sold quickly and almost magically when Young Master Shi goes to the town’s market? Haven’t there been quite a few customers haggling over the prices of the Young Master’s fish?”

“Do you mean to say that all these things have been arranged by that man?” the boy asked in a blunt manner as his color rose.

“I don’t know if it was Master’s idea. But, Madam had requested these arrangements in person,” the servant answered with a smile.

The boy started to look agitated and troubled as he heard these words.

“May I ask if you – Young Master Shi – has been studying the Art of Body Tempering? There’s no doubt that Young Master aspires to be a true warrior. Madam was kind enough to secure an opportunity for Young Master Shi to take the enrollment test of the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School… as long as there’s an agreement to meet the Master from his side. But, the final admission would depend on the extent of Young Master’s talents and abilities,” the man played his trump card.

“The Kai Yuan Martial Arts School?!” the boy repeated in a dumbfounded manner. He was moved by this temptation – like any other boy of his age.

“Young Master is a martial arts student. So, I’m sure that he must be aware that the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School is one of the four most prestigious schools; it enrolls students once in every five years. The candidates are required to meet two important conditions to be eligible for the entrance test. First – they must’ve finished studying the Art of Body Tempering before they turned fifteen. Second – they are required to have grasped the essence of Qi… which is essential for them to cultivate their real Qi; it allows them to be able to circulate Real Qi easily through their meridians. It’s impossible to be a true martial arts scholar without fulfilling these conditions. But, it’s not easy to sense one’s Qi. A Qi Ling pill is required to induce one’s Qi into a flexible state. This pill costs a lot of money. Even the Jin family can afford only ten pills at a time. I’m worried for Young Master’s dreams and aspirations since I can see that he wishes to fend for yourself,” the old man spoke slowly, but with confidence; he ensured that his words were fully registered.

The boy was silent for a long time. His voice was as cold as ice when he finally spoke, “You may come back in three days for your answer.”

“Good! It’s settled then. I’ll be back in three days for the good news,” the blue-robed man said.

He could sense that the boy had made-up his mind. So, he bowed and left.

“Butler Cheng, why have you returned without the boy? We won’t have to waste any more time if we take him by force,” a rider spoke-up once they had left the village.

“Nonsense! He may not be Madam’s own son… but Young Master Shi is Master’s son by blood. We’ve been asked to bring him back safely… and of his own will. Otherwise, Master will not be happy. We’ll lose our jobs if we end-up upsetting Master… as Madame has great affection for him,” the blue-robed man retorted in a sour tone.

“Ah, I’m sorry… I was being foolish,” the rider mumbled.

Suddenly, a shadow flashed in the distance. Then, a black-robed rider rushed to the old servant and bowed.

“Butler Cheng, we’ve found some Biao warriors sent by the Fifth Master. What should we do?” he asked.

“Humph! It seems that the Fifth Master is sticking to his earlier plan. You’ll not be able to handle the Biao warriors. I’ll deal with them. Show me the way. Ask the rest of the men to wait here. I’ll bring this foolish scheme to an end myself,” the old man frowned and said.

“Yes,” the rider said. He then advanced into the woods – from the path that he had come from.

The blue-robed man jumped-off the horse, and started to follow him; his stature resembled a light feather. He disappeared in a flash. The other rider stayed back with the carriage; he didn’t even dare to move a muscle.

It was nearly evening. Shi Mu knelt before a tomb on an unnamed hill outside the village. The moonlight shone softly on the yellow tombstone, and illuminated what it read – ‘The Tomb of the Shi Family’s Wife; Originally Surnamed Wang.’

“Dear mother, you’ll not believe what I’m about to say. Father isn’t dead. He has married into some other family in an unknown land. But, you need not fear as I’ll fulfill my promise to you. Father had lied to you when he told you that he was leaving to pursue martial arts. But, I’ll become a true warrior. Your son will be the strongest warrior the world has ever seen… so that you can rest in peace.”

The boy murmured a few more words to his mother’s tomb. He then stood-up. After that, he stretched his muscles, and started to exercise on the same spot.

His body resembled that of a tiger’s from afar. His movements grew faster with every passing second; the sound of the creaking and cracking of his bones could be heard from a distance. It became hard to see his frame in the cloud of dust that had been stirred-up owing to his intense movements.

‘Whiz!’

Suddenly, his figure charged and emerged from the cloud of dust. He then punched the trunk of a nearby tree. ‘Bang!’ A thunderous sound echoed as the tree trembled with the impact of the blow. Several leaves fell from the tree. An impressive fist imprint could be seen in the center of the tree-trunk.

Shi Mu raised his eyebrows as he noticed the deep mark that his fist had left on the tree-trunk.

This series of movements was the first technique that he had been taught at the town’s martial arts school. It was the most popular skill in the Art of Body Tempering in the Da Qi Kingdom. His instructor had told him that one had to be at the seventh level of Body Tempering Art to be able to leave an imprint as deep as the one that he had left. This meant that he only had to cross two more levels before he could start practicing Qi-sensing.

It had taken him four years to reach the seventh level of the Body Tempering Art. The saying that ‘martial arts was only for the rich’ was indeed true.

It had taken him five or six months to save up the tuition fee of thirty-two silvers once he had decided to study martial arts. This was a lowered fee; others had to pay an even higher fee for their training. He had managed to reduce the fee because of his relentless and sincere pleads.

The exorbitant price of the medicine bath that was needed to temper his body had left him penniless. Shi Mu had been able to reach a remarkable level despite his poor situation. This had left the entire school astonished. Moreover, he had ended-up gaining his instructor’s respect and admiration. It was believed that Shi Mu was a natural warrior owing to his talent and physical stature.

He had wanted to ask the school’s pharmacist to prepare medicinal baths for him from time-to-time. But, he didn’t have the required money. So, no one could afford to give him rare and expensive herbs. Therefore, he could bathe with only ordinary herbs; it did little to enhance his physical growth.

Shi Mu sighed heavily as he knew that he hadn’t been born with sturdy bones. There had been a stroke of luck two years ago; it had played a huge part in his achievements in the following time. He knew that this was partly the reason why he needed time to make his decision regarding whether he wanted to move with the Jins or not.

He looked-up at the moon as he was troubled by these thoughts. He then rushed down the hill. He arrived at the seashore near the groups of rocks. Suddenly, he jumped into the sea. He moved his arms swiftly – like a giant fish in the deep sea. He swam three to four-hundred feet deep into the sea in a short span of time.

Suddenly, he saw something spectacular.

The pitch-dark sea began to glitter with a white light. The light gradually became brighter, and illuminated the entire area.

Shi Mu wasn’t taken aback. Instead, he held his breath, and started to swim downwards. He swam to a patch of sandy floor. He had reached the bottom of the sea; it was covered with white fine sand.

Shi Mu saw that the glittering light was emanating from ten shells; each of these shells was as big as a man’s palm. A seventy or eighty feet high rock stood in the center of the circle of the shells; it was flickering in a continuous manner.



Chapter 2: A Pearl gifted by the Clam Girl

Shi Mu didn’t pay any attention to the glittering shells. Instead, he swam straight to the rock and raised his arm. ‘Bang!’ a loud sound was issued as he pounded his hand on the rock. A blood-colored fog emerged from beneath the boulder; it swirled several times around the young boy with lightning speed. It then seeped into his body. Shi Mu’s spirits were lifted. He exhaled a long breath. Surprisingly, he was able to breathe freely in the sea-water; as if he was a fish.

Shi Mu turned to the rock, and went to its rear side. He then dug out a rusty iron awl and a chisel with a lightning speed; he had hidden these things at that place earlier. After that, he made a hole at the bottom of the rock.

He could see a clam trapped beneath the rock in the faint-white light. It was as white as jade; its surface was as pure as the moonlight. It couldn’t make any movement owing to the heavy rock on top of it.

Shi Mu had chiseled out a hole on one side of the rock’s bottom; it seemed to be moving with the ocean’s current.

He continued to expand the hole for another hour. Then, he became exhausted. He stopped his work, and knocked three times on the rock. A signal was communicated to the clam; it began to glow brighter with each knock. A puff of blood-colored fog escaped through a slit in the clam after the third knock. Shi Mu’s body absorbed the fog once again. After that, he was again able to breathe freely in the water.

He then picked-up his tools, and started to dig once again.

Shi Mu had discovered the huge white clam trapped beneath the rock around two years ago. He had accidently inhaled a puff of the blood-colored fog. He had then been surprised to find that he could breathe underwater for a short period of time after having inhaled it. He had understood that it wasn’t an ordinary clam. So, he had brought a chisel and an awl from his home to dig the bottom of the rock in order to free the clam from beneath it.

The clam seemed to be aware of Shi Mu’s presence and intentions. It released fog on its own every time it became hard for Shi Mu to breathe. Then, Shi Mu was able to breathe freely again.

This task had proved to be extremely difficult despite of the help from the clam. Shi Mu could breathe without any problem, but the sea made it hard for him to utilize his entire strength. It had taken two years to complete this task owing to the density, size, and weight of the rock.

Shi Mu had come to understand through these years that the fog from the clam had some mysterious features.

Shi Mu had been able to breathe freely for only a short period of time when he had inhaled the fog for the first time. However, he had inhaled more and more of it in the past two years. So, he could breathe for almost an hour in the sea now.

Shi Mu was also intrigued by the fact that the strange fog had helped to make his body stronger than before.

His growth in the Art of Body Tempering had previously been stuck due to the lack of herbs. But then, he had managed to jump three levels to reach the seventh stage. But, this wasn’t all. He was slowly beginning to realize that the fog was also enriching his mind; it was making him smarter and more mature than his peers.

Otherwise, how could this thirteen-year-old boy hold his own in front of the blue-robed man with such composure?

Shi Mu toiled away under the sea until late at night. After that, he returned to his village; he was extremely exhausted. But, he couldn’t afford to rest before he had made another journey to the sea – as he usually did. Now, he had a deadline. This meant that he needed to quicken his pace.

So, he jumped into the sea the next day. He continued to work on the task all through that and the next day.

‘Boom!’ Suddenly, a loud sound was heard.

The boulder began to shake. Then, there was a violent shower of small lumps of stones. The rock cracked under its own weight, and tipped over to the side. Shi Mu had already chiseled-out that side. The white clam’s luster grew in intensity and girth as it began to struggle in order to escape from under the rock.

“That’s it!” Shi Mu exhaled with excitement; he was overjoyed.

He then moved to the other side of the rock in order to avoid the falling stones. The creaking and cracking sounds continued for a while. The boulder had almost collapsed owing to the movements of the clam. Suddenly, an undercurrent hit the rock from the side that it was falling apart from. A series of loud explosive sounds were heard as the boulder began to collapse on its original spot. The white clam was pushed firmly into its place; it ended-up getting trapped once again.

“No!” Shi Mu shouted in an exasperated manner.

He then lowered his body into the sand without thinking; his feet was digging half-an-inch deep into the sea-floor. He punched the rock twice in quick succession with the fist technique that he had learnt from the martial arts school.

A couple of dull sounds were heard as Shi Mu’s mighty blows stirred-up the water’s current.

The rock was about to fall apart. The clam took advantage of the rock’s slow movement, and escaped with a quick wiggle. It then disappeared into the sea. This action got shielded from the boy’s eyes by a glitter of white light.

Shi Mu stepped back. He realized that his fists were in great pain. In fact, his hands were badly injured. His body was in shock. He spat out some blood. Then, he fell unconscious to the ground.

The huge clam slowly reappeared. Its shell began to open, and revealed a little girl. She held a ‘blood pearl’ in her hands.

The girl seemed to be six or seven years old; but, she was only three inches tall. She had fair skin, and her eyes glittered like tiny stars. She wore a gauze bellyband. She gazed at the unconscious boy and his bleeding hands; there was an expression of gratitude on her delicate face.

She moved her lotus-like arms in order to lift the ‘blood pearl’. A circle of silver-light waves burst out of the pearl, and spread in all directions.

A series of shrill sounds were heard as an army of shells flowed and lifted the boy’s body to the surface of the sea – like an unstoppable wave. Suddenly, the surface of the water parted, and the boy’s body surfaced above it.

Then, the shells disappeared – as quickly as they had come. They seemed to have plummeted back into the sea.

The white clam emitted a silver light, and followed the boy. Its shells were wide open; the little girl could clearly be seen inside it. She saw that the boy hadn’t yet recovered. She hesitated, and looked at the pearl in her hand. Her face revealed an expression of decisiveness. She then pushed the pearl towards Shi Mu. The pearl swirled above him. Then, it released a huge puff of blood-colored fog.

The little girl appeared in the sea about ten-thousand miles away several days later. She had grown taller; she now resembled an ordinary girl of her age. She stood with a beautiful middle-aged woman dressed in a blue robe.

Both of them stood on a black turtle. The black turtle was travelling at a lightning speed on the surface of the sea, and was surrounded by stirring waves; it was as big as a house.

The woman held the little girl’s hand; her eyes were full of affection. She expressed her concern, and said, “My child, you wouldn’t have been so lucky if you hadn’t run into me. You’re the Heavenly Clam’s Spirit Daughter – a born Water Adept. This happens only once in ten-thousand years in the East Sea. Our East Sea Clan must be destined for greatness. What’s your name, my child? Where’s your Spirit pearl? It’s said that the Heavenly Clam’s Spirit Daughters carry a Pearl of Life which is the ideal material to make an amulet…”

“Ah… ah…” the little girl couldn’t say anything else.

She made hand gestures in an effort to answer the woman’s questions.

“Oh, so your name is Xiang Zhu. You’re saying that you gave the pearl to someone who had saved your life? Well… it’s a good thing to express your gratitude. Wait… your savior was a human? A man? You must remember that men are the least reliable creatures on this land. You must kill a man immediately if you see any. Come with me now. We must bring back the pearl. What? The Spirit Pearl was corrupted because of some foreign blood at the bottom of the sea… and has since lost its power? Well… in that case… let the human boy have it. But do remember… you mustn’t see him again,” the woman said.

The huge turtle took them further away into the sea. Their figures gradually grew smaller until they couldn’t be seen or heard.

Shi Mu’s unconscious body burned with an overwhelming fever. His mouth was dry, and his tongue was parched. Suddenly, he jerked out of his sleep, and sat up abruptly with a shout. He realized that he was no longer in the sea, and was back at the silent beach. He was stunned as he looked at his hands. Smooth skin had replaced the torn skin and the bloody wounds on his hands.

He felt some strange changes in his body. He could feel his blood flowing. A thought crossed his mind after a few moments of deep pondering. He then began to fumble through his clothes. He found a crystal ball near his chest; it was as big as his thumb. Shi Mu was taken aback.

“What could this be?” he wondered aloud.

He was sure that he had never seen or touched this thing before.

Shi Mu wasn’t aware of the fact that the blood fog that had come out of the clam was foreign in nature.

Only one-tenth of the blood fog had been inhaled by Shi Mu in order to breathe under the water. The girl had forced the rest of it out to help heal his wounds. The pearl had lost its power the moment the girl had stopped to suppress the ‘strange’ blood. Now, it was nothing more than a rare luminous pearl. Therefore, the girl had left it with Shi Mu.

Shi Mu rolled the pearl in his hand for a while as he admired its texture and size. He felt its softness, and realized that it would be worth a treasure. So, he hid it safely in his clothes.

He jumped into the sea after a little while to ensure that the clam had really escaped from underneath the massive rock. His heart became heavy with disappointment once he was convinced of it. He then left for his village.

The blue-robed man returned to the fishing village to talk to Shi Mu. A black carriage guarded by black-robed riders was seen galloping out of the village after a short while. It was headed in the direction of the Feng City.



Chapter 3: Aunt Zhen

The Da Qi Kingdom stood in the neighbourhood of the Yan and the Huang Kingdom. Its territory was within a peninsula that protruded out from the eastern lands. The Eastern Sea lay to its east, and a wasteland belonging to several barbarian tribes lay to its west. The three kingdoms had been allies since hundreds of years so that they could fight with their common foe.

The Da Qi Kingdom lay in the middle of the peninsula. So, it was jammed between the other two countries. It had the strongest military; it claimed that its standing army consisted of a million soldiers. The Huang Kingdom’s military was ranked second in strength. The Yan Kingdom’s military was considered to be the weakest. The Da Qi Kingdom’s capital area was directly controlled by its central government. The kingdom had nine prefectures apart from this area. These prefectures had been subdivided into thirty-six districts. Each district administered ten-odd cities. No one was aware of the exact number of towns and villages in the kingdom.

Feng City was the capital and the largest city of Quan Zhou. It was possibly the fifth-largest city in the entire Kai Yuan prefecture. The Jin Clan was considered to be one of the most influential clans in Quan Zhou owing to the large number of fields and manors held by them on the outskirts of the city. Their main export items were medicines and ores. So, they were able to influence almost half of the events in Quan Zhou.

Jin Cheng – the blue-robed butler – gave this information to Shi Mu on their way to Feng City. He enjoyed a high status among the servants since he was the diplomatic butler of the Jin Family. He was – at the very least – well-respected by the Jin Family’s riders.

They had to go through two cities to reach the Feng City; it took them almost a month. They went through the city gate, and headed towards the north-western part of the city.

Shi Mu stared out of the carriage-window at both sides of the streets. Shi Mu’s entire world before setting out on this journey had been the small fishing village that he had been born and brought-up in. The nearby village was the largest ‘city’ that he had ever been to.

Feng City lived up to its status of being the largest city in Quan Zhou. The crowded streets were a scene of complete chaos; the towns-people walked past various kinds of buildings.

Their carriage gradually slowed down. But, it took them another hour to reach their destination – an ordinary-looking manor. Shi Mu noticed a white fan hanging from the side of the gate as he got down from the carriage. But, his expressions didn’t change. He followed the blue-robed old man through the gate and into the manor; the riders stayed back, and stood beside the carriage.

Shi Mu soon arrived in a hall; a memorial ceremony was being held there. The hall had dull white streamers and linen all around. A ten-year-old girl stood with a married woman inside the hall; both of them wore the traditional white dress of mourning.

The woman looked around thirty years of age; her appearance was natural and graceful. She half-reproached Shi Mu – with tears streaming down her face – as soon as she saw him. “Too late! You’re too late! Your father passed away the day before yesterday. I don’t know what you think of him… but you’re his true son. Come and see him. We can talk about other matters later on.”

The young girl had red and swollen eyes; she seemed extremely sad. Her face expressed a tinge of curiosity and eagerness as she saw her half-brother for the first time.

Shi Mu gazed at the black coffin that lay in the middle of the hall. His mind was still struggling to make sense of the whirling mess that these rapid series of events had caused.

The woman stopped scolding the boy as she followed his gaze. The blue-robed butler seized the opportunity to approach her. He then whispered something in her ear, and retired quietly.

Shi Mu managed to move forward after a long while. He walked to the coffin and spoke in a calm voice, “Open the lid… I wish to say goodbye to my father.”

Two burly men approached the coffin from the hall. They pushed it open as the woman clapped her hands twice. A man lay quietly in the coffin; his features resembled that of Shi Mu’s. Shi Mu’s face became pale and dull as he lowered his head and gazed at the body. He only moved after a long time had passed. He then took out an ordinary-looking bronze mirror, and placed it beside the body without uttering a single word.

“This is…” the woman furrowed her eyebrows and said.

“I don’t know why he abandoned my mother… but it was her last wish to have this mirror buried with my father,” Shi Mu answered slowly. He then turned to light an incense stick in the burner in front of the coffin. After that, he kowtowed three times in front of his father’s coffin.

The woman hadn’t expected this. But, she didn’t stop Shi Mu from gazing at the coffin with a forlorn look on his face. She finally waved her hand, and the two burly men closed the coffin.

“Follow me; this is not the place for us to talk. Your father wanted you to know something before he died,” the woman said. Then, she led him and the girl to the adjacent smaller hall.

Shi Mu raised his eyebrows. However, he followed her silently.

The woman turned to the boy once they arrived in the adjacent hall. She then said, “It seems that I haven’t wasted my time in asking Butler Cheng to bring you here. You’ve already kowtowed to your father… I’ll not ask for anything more. I’ll not ask you to call me mother either; you may call me ‘Aunt Zhen’. This is your half-sister – Yu Huan.

“Yu Huan, come and meet your brother.”

“It’s nice to meet you, Brother Mu,” Yu Huan greeted him in a clear and melodious voice. The girl had curved eyebrows that sat atop her large eyes. Her mouth was delicate, and stood out in contrast with her prominent nose. She looked cutely clever and mischievous as she moved her eyeballs. The stiff expression on Shi Mu’s face gave way to a forced smile as he nodded to the girl.

“Your father married into the Jin Family… but he possessed his own manor in the suburbs. This wealth can only be accorded to him. And, it’s yours since you’re his son. I only wish to live with Yu Huan in this manor. I’m a Jin… and I have no need for this money. One of the reasons why he died so young was because he had made a huge contribution to the Jin Family. The reward for his contribution hasn’t come yet. Now, you have two choices as his successor…” the woman paused for a moment.

Shi Mu looked at her in surprise.

“… I can arrange for you to receive a Qi Ling pill from the Jin Family as the reward. It’ll provide you with an opportunity to pass the enrolment test of the Kai Yuan martial arts school; or I can arrange for you to be awarded a title of nobility. Of course… the Jin Family won’t be able to give you a title of high nobility. But, it’ll ensure that you stay rich all your life; even your sons and grandsons will benefit from this reward,” the woman looked into Shi Mu’s eyes as she spoke in an earnest manner.

“A real title of nobility?” Shi Mu knitted his brows and asked.

“That’s right. There are five levels of titles in the Da Qi Kingdom. Each of them comes with its respective status and power – Gong, Hou, Zi, Nan and Xun. Your father’s contribution and Jin’s influence will be able to secure a title for you without any difficulty. In fact, we can even offer to make you an official in the court,” the woman explained.

“I don’t care about the titles; I’ll take the Qi Ling pill,” Shi Mu replied without any hesitation.

“Consider the offers carefully before you make your decision. I’d take the second option if I were you…” the woman said with caution; she seemed surprised by Shi Mu’s answer.

Shi Mu took a momentary pause. He then said, “What do you mean by that?”

“How much do you really know about being a warrior… and Qi?” the woman asked bluntly.

“Are you trying to say… Aunt Zhen… that are you a warrior yourself?” Shi Mu was surprised. The woman didn’t answer. Her figure flickered and appeared near a wall in a moment. She then lifted her arms. A gold tinged sword appeared in her hands; it seemed ready to strike.

The woman moved the sword with a loud crashing sound; it seemed as if the Heaven itself was being pierced. The rapid movement of the sword made several illusory images in the air. Then, the sword found its way back in the wall with a clean and cold sound. Its hilt hung out; it was still shaking.

Shi Mu was amazed.

“Don’t judge me by my appearance. I’m one of the three advanced Hou Tian Warriors of the Jin Clan. How else will I be able to get you the exorbitantly priced Qi Ling pill from the Jin Family? One may not get an opportunity to do so even if one has the money to buy it. But, a dead man is quickly forgotten by the living. There are a few members of the family who believe that your father’s contribution doesn’t deserve a reward such as these rare herbs. So, there will be irritation and disdain if you ask for the Qi Ling pill. I can help you this time… but I’ll not be able to do so in the future. ”

“I’m determined to be a warrior… and I’ll do whatever it takes,” Shi Mu replied without pausing.

“I’ll not persuade you further… since I see that you’ve made up your mind. Tell me the different levels of warriors… to the best of your abilities,” Aunt Zhen sighed and said loudly.

“The various levels are the Tempered Body, the Real Warrior and the National Guardian. I’ve heard that one is ranked equally with the aristocratic ministers after they’ve achieved the National Guardian level,” Shi Mu answered.

“You were taught this at the village school? That’s not bad. But, you must understand that even the best instructors at those martial arts schools are nothing in comparison to real warriors. How can you expect to learn the real division of levels from them?” Aunt Zhen said.

She was not surprised by Shi Mu’s answer; she seemed to have predicted it.

“Please teach me, Aunt Zhen,” Shi Mu requested.

“Commoners use titles such as the Tempered Body, the Real Warrior and the National Guardian. The real levels of warriors in Dong Zhou are differently organized. The true titles are Martial Disciple, Hou Tian Warrior, and Xian Tian Warrior respectively. Any Disciple is allowed to study the art of Body Tempering at the beginner’s level. But, one may not be able to accomplish much in life without the gift of fine bones. Those who have perceived real Qi and are able to practice real Qi arts become Hou Tian Warriors. They can match a hundred armed men when aided by Real Qi. These are what commoners like you call the ‘Real Warriors’. The Xian Tian Warriors can make use of their ‘innate’ Qi. This can only be achieved by establishing deep connections into their dantian… once their Qi quality and control has reached a certain level.

“These Xian Tian Warriors are the best of the lot. If it takes ten Martial Disciples to kill one Hou Tian Warrior… then even hundreds of Hou Tian Warriors will fall short of bringing any harm to one Xian Tian Warrior. This is due to a Xian Tian Warrior’s ability to use his Real Qi to manifest outside the body in order to kill from a distance. There is a qualitative difference between a Hou Tian Warrior and a Xian Tian Warrior; it’s a wall which is impossible to cross. But, very few people will ever be able to reach the point of becoming a Xian Tian Warrior.

“As per my understanding… there are only seven or eight Xian Tian Warriors in all of the Da Qi Kingdom,” Aunt Zhen explained.



Chapter 4: The Manor

“Seven or eight isn’t a low number. It’s a lot! Do you have any idea how much it costs to train a Xian Tian Warrior? An unthinkable amount! There’s no guarantee of the desired outcome even with this kind of an investment. A very few people are able to reach the Xian Tian level,” Aunt Zhen sighed and spoke with a bitter smile.

The boy sank into a deep silence.

“Well, there’s still a lot of time for that. The entire nation would be at your service if you ever manage to reach that level. Even the Emperor of Da Qi would be polite and favourable to you. That’s why… the top-most warriors are called the National Guardians. Let’s discuss the Art of Body Tempering and Qi-sensing for now. Which level are you on?” the woman asked.

“The seventh level,” Shi Mu replied with pride.

Shi Mu with his talent and abilities would indeed benefit if he could learn some Qi-sensing, and get enrolled into the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School.

“The seventh level? That’s a decent achievement. The enrolment process at the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School will start next year. You must reach the ninth level to be eligible for that. Do you think you can do that?”

“I wasn’t sure earlier… but now I’m beginning to realize that I can… at least to a certain extent.” Shi Mu thought for some time. He then said in a positive manner.

“Reaching the ninth level and sensing one’s Real Qi are the basic requirements for everyone. Besides that… you’ll also have to prove your worth by competing fiercely with the other candidates,” the woman said in a ‘strange’ tone.

Shi Mu listened carefully.

“I’ve heard that the number of talented candidates this year is more than usual. Some of them have already tempered their bodies to the ninth or even tenth level. It’s true that the higher levels are able to sense Qi more successfully. It has been seen in the past that less than one-tenth of the total candidates are able to sense Qi even with the aid of the Qi Ling pill.

“Mostly the Martial Disciples in their thirties or forties are able to manage this… that too with great difficulty… and with the help of innumerable Qi Ling pills.

“The applicants at the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School need to be between the age of ten and fifteen. It’s because one is unable to temper one’s body before the age of ten as the body’s bones aren’t yet shaped properly. Fifteen is the age at which one loses one’s potential for further accomplishments. So, any efforts to continue training would be in vain if one hasn’t tempered one’s body by this time.

“The Feng City boasts of many accomplished warriors. But, less than a hundred of these warriors have the opportunity or the talent to make it to the upper levels. Our Jin Family was blessed to have an advanced Hou Tian Warrior as our ancestor. It’s partly because of his reputation that the Jin Family has managed to assert its prominence in Quan Zhou,” a wave of pride appeared on the woman’s features as she said.

Shi Mu couldn’t get the woman’s words out of his head. His ears kept echoing with the words that ‘reaching higher levels make Qi-sensing easier’. Moreover, the figure ‘one-tenth’ stayed with him. He took a deep breath to calm himself down. He hadn’t assumed that everyone who took a Qi Ling pill successfully achieved Qi-sensing. But, he hadn’t expected that the chances would be this low.

“You can still change your mind if you’re regretting your decision.” Aunt Zhen looked at the boy and smiled.

“No! I’ve made up my mind,” Shi Mu shook his head and said.

“In that case… take this suburb manor’s title deed. Jin Cheng – our butler – will live with you there… and assist you if you need anything. The Qi Ling pill that the Jin Family has ordered will come in a year’s time. I’ll let you know when it arrives. You should take it upon yourself to learn martial arts – besides the Body Tempering – in order to duel in the real fights for the enrolment test. The Jin Family has a unique martial arts manual in its possession. But, only the Jin family members are allowed to learn from it,” Aunt Zhen nodded and advised.

“Thank you, Aunt Zhen,” Shi Mu said with gratitude.

Shi Mu left the manor after a quarter-of-an-hour. He held a wooden case in his hand; he seemed quite puzzled.

The wooden case contained his late father’s properties and belongings – including the deed to the big manor in the suburbs, three-thousand liang of silver notes, forty-five or sixty hectares of fine farmland near the manor, and a well-located restaurant in the city. He had gone from being a poor village boy to a rich young man in less than a day’s time.

A middle-aged man paid a visit to the manor shortly after Shi Mu’s departure. He seemed to be extremely angry. He started to question Aunt Zhen in a violent manner.

“Seventh Sister, how can you give the only Qi Ling pill to an outsider over your nephew?”

“Father had promised me this in person. Do you have any objection to Father’s decision?”

“I do have objections with our dealings with the Biao brothers. But, that’s not the cause for my visit. That boy isn’t a Jin. Why should an outsider benefit from the pill that we’ve obtained with so much difficulty? Father will not refuse you… if you were to change your mind. You’re aware that your nephew couldn’t achieve Qi-sensing last time. So, it’s essential that he takes advantage of this opportunity. He has finally reached the peak of his development. It’s also the year of the enrolment at the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. He’ll have regrets his entire life if he misses the enrolment.” The middle-aged man’s long face expressed his anger and frustration. His eyes seemed to be spouting flames. He almost blew his top with rage.

“Humph! An outsider…? He’s the only flesh and blood of my husband – the same man who saved half of the Jin Family’s properties. Does this answer satisfy you, Brother Wu?” Aunt Zhen retorted bluntly.

“Well… if you still wish to favour an outsider… who has no blood relation with you… then I’ve nothing more to say. I’ll not plead with you anymore. Neither will I hold back in obtaining a Qi Ling pill for your nephew myself,” he said. Then, he rushed out in a rage.

“Mother, will you let Uncle Wu disrespect you… and walk away so easily?” Yu Huan emerged from a hidden spot after the man’s departure. She then blinked her eyes and asked.

“No harm has been done. You’re aware that your cousin’s talents as a warrior aren’t quite up to the mark – considering the number of herbs that he had to use to manage his Body Tempering. A Qi Ling pill wouldn’t help him much with his Qi-sensing. Your uncle had to ask me for it since this was his last hope.”

“That’s true. Shi Mu is far more talented than Jin Tian. Jin Tian would have a very low chance at being enrolled even if he were to manage Qi-sensing.” Yu Huan gloated and clapped her hands.

“Haha… it seems that you’ve already started taking your step-brother’s side. But, I’m not yet sure about Shi Mu’s abilities. Still, I’ve done everything I could for your brother. Any more help on my part would anger the family.”

“I have a good impression of him even though we met for the first time. He’s much better than those Jin Family’s idlers,” Yu Huan grinned and said.

“The fact is that your grandfather promised to give Shi Mu a Qi Ling pill only because of you. After all… you were the one who sensed Qi at the tender age of twelve. Moreover, you’ve managed to reach the tenth level since that time. Your grandfather expects a lot from you, little one,” Aunt Zhen said with a smile.

“Don’t worry; I’ll surely complete my studies of ‘sword art’ in one year. After that, I’ll have no difficulty in getting enrolled into the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. I’ll not let grandfather down,” the young girl replied with confidence.

The woman nodded; her eyes reflected extreme affection for her daughter.

In a manor ten miles away from Feng City…

Shi Mu stood in the middle of a square; it was surrounded by houses on all sides. He looked around with a contented expression on his face.

He had spent his entire life in a small hut in a tiny fishing village. So, this spacious square was a wonder for him.

He was overjoyed to see that the manor carpeted a space of at least four to five acres, and had over twenty rooms. He turned his gaze to the twenty or so servants and the tenants that stood in front of him.

“Who looked after the manor and the fields before my arrival?” he asked.

“Young Master Shi, I did,” a sandy-haired middle-aged man in a clean shirt answered in an obedient manner.

“What’s your name? Are you a local?” Shi Mu asked as he observed the man. He finally decided that he seemed quite honest.

“The name of your humble servant is Zhang Suo. My family has lived here for seven or eight generations,” the man answered with great respect.

“Good, I’ll leave you to do your old job. The same goes for the rest of you. So, do your usual work… and pay the same rent. Also, inform the restaurant’s manager to meet me here tomorrow,” Shi Mu gave his orders after a brief thought.

“Yes, Young Master,” Zhang Suo answered quickly. He was relieved that his fear regarding the changes in the arrangements had turned out to be baseless.

The other servants and tenants also breathed a sigh of relief. They bowed to the boy to show their appreciation.

Shi Mu turned to the blue-robed old man at his side once everyone had left. He then asked, “Have I made the right decision, Butler Cheng?”

“Well done, Young Master Shi. You settled the matters very well. It amazes me that you were born in a fishing family,” the old man answered with a smile.

“I was quite surprised myself… as it feels very different to ask people to do things for me. I would like to ask a favor of you,” Shi Mu said with a tinge of unease.

“Anything, Young Master Shi. I’ll assist you in any way that I can,” he said quickly even though he was surprised.

“Alright. I wish to learn from an expert martial arts instructor – someone who can teach me personally. Is there anyone you have in mind, Butler Cheng?”

“Oh, all the four martial arts schools in Feng City are quite famous.”

“I would like to learn a martial art apart from the Art of Body Tempering,” the boy added.

“In that case… I would recommend Instructor Li Cang Hai from the Liu Feng Martial Arts School. He’s well-known for practising rare skills. What kind of martial arts does the Young Master prefer?” the old man questioned him after some thought.

“Hmm, I used to chop a lot of wood back in my village. So I think a ‘saber art’ would suit me best.”

“The Liu Feng Club’s ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade Art’ and the ‘Stone-Breaking Fist’ is quite famous. But, it’s extremely expensive to be privately trained,” the old man said after thinking for a moment.

“If it’s really worth the money… then so be it,” Shi Mu said. He felt like a rich man with three-thousand liang of silver notes.

“I see. The first thing that I’ll do tomorrow is to invite Instructor Li here,” the blue-robed old man replied with a smile.



Chapter 5: Li Cang Hai

Three months later… in the suburban manor’s square…

Shi Mu was practicing under the hot blazing sun with a metre-long blue blade. It left traces of its glitter in a circumference of dozens of meters as he waved it back-and-forth.

Eye-catching straw men could be seen strewn around the square – unlike three months ago. A row of wooden shelves and some stone-locks held a few commonly used weapons – like knives and spears.

“Stop!”

A man’s rude and abrupt voice thundered.

Shi Mu paused, and pulled back the blade.

“That’s quite decent. You’ve finally begun to get the hang of the ‘Thirteen Series Gale Force Blade’ Art. But, it won’t help you much in a real fight since this is the basic level. You still have a long way to go,” the man said. He stood at one side of the square with folded arms. His sharp eyes and bronze skin made him look experienced and able.

“I wouldn’t have been able to understand such a mysterious art in mere three months… if it hadn’t been for Master Li’s personal training,” Shi Mu answered with great respect.

The bony man was an Intermediate Hou Tian Warrior. He was none other than the well-known instructor Li Cang Hai from the Liu Feng Martial Arts School.

Instructor Li Cang Hai had displayed a single movement in front of Shi Mu three months ago. Shi Mu had been extremely amazed to see it. The boy had saluted the instructor, and had asked him to train him. Shi Mu had since been practicing martial arts for four hours every day under Li’s guidance.

“This series of blade art must seem quite elementary to you. It’s mostly used by the warriors of the disciple level. But, some of the higher level techniques can be used in real fights as well… even after becoming a Hou Tian Warrior. So, don’t take this lightly. The key is to use wind for making each strike swifter than the previous one. I once used this simple yet profound art to kill two warriors of the same level as mine… and that too within the time that it takes for an incense stick to burn down. The most complex art available at your level is the Lesser Heavenly Sword Art. It consists of three-hundred-and-six movements. Very few warriors are truly able to understand all of them within their lifetime,” Li Cang Hai explained.

Shi Mu reflected for a while. He then asked, “Master, you once said that the two components of martial arts are techniques and cultivation. Techniques deal with the methods to kill… while cultivation is the art of Qi-sensing and body tempering. One can’t be used without the other… as they’re in perfect harmony. But, which of them would you deem more important if they’re weighed against each other…?”

“You’re thinking a lot, little kid. But, this question has been asked repeatedly… since ancient times. Every warrior has his own understanding of this matter… but I believe that you’d limit yourself to a great extent if you only learn the techniques. It would resemble a head made out of lead, and legs made out of jelly… You wouldn’t be able to stand. If you focus all your energy in learning cultivation… then even a beginner could succeed in killing you – despite the amount of Real Qi you may have. It would be like getting a cow to plough the field without a yoke to harness the power. Only a Xian Tian Warrior can protect his body through his Real Qi. No ordinary weapon would be able to harm him… even if he stood in a single spot without moving a muscle. Such a warrior can even use his Real Qi to shake weak men to their deaths. That’s not all. A Xian Tian Warrior can outlive a hundred-year-old ordinary man by another hundred years,” Li Cang Hai snickered and explained.

“So, the Master believes that cultivation to be more important,” Shi Mu said with a smile.

“Many difficult arts require both cultivation and techniques. When you reach a certain level… you’ll see that your cultivation will be coordinated with certain techniques. The two are as inseparable as yin and yang. It doesn’t make any sense to compare them with each other. But, the first task for disciples like you should be to work on your cultivation in order to strengthen your body as well as your general abilities. You’ll never be able to grasp the intricacies of any rare martial art without Qi sensing… even if you get a chance.

“Moreover, each martial art has a requirement for cultivation… especially for the high levels. It’ll be a disaster if you attempt to learn an art which is beyond the scope of your current level. Your own cultivation would be damaged. It would either mean that you’d never be able to cultivate again or that you’d get killed because of a Qi rebound within your own body,” Li Cang Hai explained in a disapproving manner.

“I see. Can you show me the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade’ Art again?” Shi Mu nodded and asked.

“It takes a lot of energy to display these movements. I wish to teach you the ‘Stone Breaking Fist’ today. So, I’ll only show you one more time,” Li Cang Hai frowned. He seemed to be grudging his agreement. But, he granted Shi Mu’s wish since he was an obedient disciple.

Li Cang Hai then walked to the middle of the square, and emitted a powerful sound wave with the help of a noise which couldn’t have been louder than a whisper. He then began to display the swift movements. Multiple slicing sounds were heard in the square within a second. The silver blade’s motions created an illusory blur – like that of a long white whip. He began slowly. But, each of his movements exceeded the previous one in swiftness. After that, everything blurred into a silver light; it was accompanied by the pressure of a light breeze.

Shi Mu watched with great concentration.

The cold silver light moved in the direction of a wooden target on one side of the square. It then swirled towards the stock with a loud noise. This was followed by a strong wind. Suddenly, the wind stopped, and the cold light melted into the daylight.

‘Pa! Pa!’ The target broke into seven parts as a number of bold thuds hit it in the middle. Then, the broken parts fell to the ground.

The movements didn’t look extraordinary. But, there were six cuts in the disguise of one.

“Master has really attained perfection in this blade art. After all, he achieved six cuts in one movement without even using his Real Qi.” Shi Mu let a long sigh and clapped his hands.

“I could’ve managed nine if I had used my Real Qi. A fully accomplished person can achieve thirteen. It’s a pity… but I’m far from perfection. There’s a rumour concerning this blade art… that it belongs to the Xian Tian level. It’s said that it was divided into thirteen series. This lessened its power… and it dropped to the level of the Martial Disciple.

“Of course… it’s nothing but a rumour. It wouldn’t have been leaked if it were actually a Xian Tian level art. Millions would’ve attempted to restore it,” Li Cang Hai smiled lightly.

“Thirteen cuts in one single movement? Who would be able to resist the power of such a high level technique?” Shi Mu said; he was astonished.

“You’d be able to outshine all the Hou Tian Warriors… and maybe even a few Xian Tian Warriors… if you indeed achieve thirteen cuts. But, these things can be put on hold for now. Now, I’ll show you the key to this blade art for the last time. After that, we’ll move on to the ‘Stone Breaking’ Fist.

“It may seem as if this art consists of thirteen parts. But, you’ll understand how to use the power of the wind to your advantage with practice and precision. Each cut would be quickened and built on with the wind. It would make you reach such a high speed that nothing will be able to resist it,” Li Cang Hai said with an earnest look on his face. Shi Mu listened attentively as he tried to memorize every detail.

“Well, that’s it for the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade’ Art. Let’s move on to the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist. The Fist art is different from the Gale Force Blade Art… as it only requires strength. Its movements can be easily achieved by inducing power with your fists. As its name suggests… you can break any stone with your bare fist once you fully master this technique,” Li Cang Hai said.

He approached a stone and took a deep breath; the stone was as big as a basin. He then kicked the stone in a crazy manner.

‘Bang!’ a thunderous sound was heard.

His kick sent the huge stone flying into the air even though he had a bony frame.

“Roar!”

He let out a shout as he pounded in the air. His skinny figure seemed thrice as strong now; it resembled an imposing tiger.

‘Boom!’

Another thunderous sound was heard. It was followed by a shower of broken stones flying in all directions.

Shi Mu’s glittering eyes widened with amazement.

“Listen! Regardless of whether you practice the blade or the sword technique in the future… it’s always a possibility that you might run into situations where you’ll not have a weapon with you.

“Then, the only thing that you can rely on is your fists. This Fist art may be simple… but it’s sufficient enough. Your proficiency in this art will lay a strong foundation for other fist and kicking techniques. It’s well-known for its power… but only a few people decide to learn it because of the pain one has to go through to reinforce one’s fists. This art takes much of one’s strength. So, it’ll yield twice the fruit for half the effort for someone born with great strength. I didn’t use my Real Qi in that punch like before,” Li Cang Hai said with an expressionless face.

“I wonder about Master’s present strength,” Shi Mu blurted out.

“Me? I can easily lift a two-hundred-and-fifty kilograms stone boulder without using Qi.”

He walked straight to the second largest stone-lock; it was half the size of a man, and looked extremely heavy.

He let out a shout. After that, he lowered his body, and grasped the rock with both his arms. He then lifted the stone above his head.

Shi Mu began to hurl praises at his instructor. There was a sense of pride on the bony man’s face. It was a fact that only a few Hou Tian Warriors in the Feng City could’ve managed to lift such a heavy stone boulder only with their body strength.

Li Cang Hai left the manor after an hour. Shi Mu stood alone on the square. He held a thumb-sized medicine bottle and a white book in his hand.

This medicine had been made by Li Cang Hai to help Shi Mu with the practice of the fist art; the book contained its secrets. Shi Mu glanced at the bottle. He then opened it, and smelled it. After that, he put it away. He then sat down on the grass in order to go through the book.

Shi Mu was a poor orphan. He wouldn’t have known to read a single character if an old scholar near the fishing village hadn’t taught him for free for several years.

Shi Mu browsed through the pages of the book. He then looked at the bottle in his hand; a look of surprise surfaced on his face.

“The greater the strength… the better?” the boy murmured to himself as he put away the book and turned to look at the nearby stone-locks. He then walked over to the largest stone-lock; it was as big as a table. It was nearly twice as big as the one Li had lifted earlier; it must’ve weighed at least five-hundred kilograms.

Shi Mu lowered his body. He then moved his right arm in place, and tried to lift the stone. A loud boom was heard as Shi Mu lifted the monster-sized boulder over his head. He had done the task with a single hand; as if the stone-lock weighed no more than a feather.



Chapter 6: The Mutation

“This is easy. I know I can do better.”

Shi Mu thought to himself as he prepared to lift another stone. He then raised his hand, and threw away the stone-lock on the ground with a loud thud. The entire square shook lightly with its impact.

Shi Mu raised his hand to study his fingers closely. His lean and long fingers were sturdy. But, they didn’t look as if they had the strength to lift a weight of five-hundred kilograms.

Shi Mu thought for a moment. He then walked to a wooden shelf in order to take out a long saber. The saber’s movement created a succession of flashing shadows. They began to explode above the square. The overwhelming energy sent sand and stones flying in all directions.

‘Whiz!’ A white whip rolled and struck a wooden target.

‘Pa! Pa!’ A series of sounds were heard as the target crashed to the ground with seven cuts.

One movement — seven cuts. Seven cuts in one movement! This was exactly one greater than what Li Cang Hai had showed him. He had surpassed his instructor’s record within a night’s time by managing seven cuts.

The shadows made by the sun disappeared as the evening arrived. Shi Mu stood at the same spot with the saber in hand. He seemed to be lost in thoughts.

Soon, it was night.

The heavy wooden door of the room was closed. The room was large and austere, but didn’t have any decorations.

Shi Mu lay on the bed in the centre of the room; his eyes were closed.

His skin had a tinge of red to it; he was sweating heavily. He was curled-up in a half-conscious state. He continued to twitch and murmur.

His groans died down after an indefinite amount of time. He then began to stretch his body slowly. He opened his tired eyes as his skin returned to its normal color.

Shi Mu took a few deep breaths. Then, he got-off the bed in order to exercise. He flexed his fingers, and clutched the edge of the bed.

‘Kacha!’

The solid wooden edge was crushed with a clean sound.

“My strength has increased… but not as much as the last time. The effect lasts less than a quarter-of-an-hour… even after an interval of one month. It seems that I won’t make a lot of progress next time,” Shi Mu murmured.

The amazing change had started taking place as soon as he had moved into the manor; it had taken place on more than one occasion. The strength that he had displayed earlier in the day had come from this change. Moreover, it had sharpened his practice of the saber art.

The first mutation had occurred within the first month of his arrival. It had tormented his body for an entire night.

However, the pain had disappeared by the next day. But, his body had been left with more strength and elasticity.

The second mutation had taken place two nights later.

This pattern took place a total of ten times. But, the benefits of the reward were accompanied by an intense amount of pain.

Shi Mu had begun to notice that the duration of each mutation was decreasing. The intervals were becoming longer, and his strength was starting to stagnate.

The growth this time was negligible in comparison to the first few mutations. However, the achievements were still quite extraordinary.

But, Shi Mu’s body had responded quicker than other people’s. So, he had been able to lift a weight of more than five-hundred kilograms.

He was quick to figure out that these mutations had something to do with the huge clam that he had saved from the seabed.

The process of mutations always stirred-up spasms of pain in his body; they were similar to what he had felt that day on the beach. He had been cured by the clam girl while he was in coma. He had awakened due to a feeling of blood boiling inside him. The one difference that he felt now was that the pain of mutation was ten times as sharp as the pain he had felt back then.

However, Shi Mu was secretly happy due to this boost in his strength. He had been envious of others when they told him about the fortuitous events that had befallen them.

But now, a fortunate event had occurred in his favor. This filled him with a new kind of confidence and yearning for the fierce competition he was supposed face at the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School’s enrolment test.

Shi Mu had learnt from Li Cang Hai that acquiring Qi-sensing wouldn’t be enough, and that the competition could still be difficult for him.

After all, there were limited resources at the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. So, only a few candidates could pass the enrolment test out of the innumerable aspirants. Moreover, it was evident from the past competitions that the number of aspirants from each prefecture was at least a few multiples of what the School eventually enrolled.

Shi Mu was aware of his mediocrity. He knew that he wouldn’t have a great chance at Qi-sensing despite the aid of the Qi Ling pill.

However, Li Cang Hai had told him that one had a better shot at succeeding in Qi-sensing once one crossed the ninth level in Body Tempering. In fact, even a person with low comprehension would be successful one out of three times if one crossed the tenth level. It would come as a surprise if Shi Mu failed to acquire Qi-sensing after accomplishing all the thirteen levels of Body Tempering.

Therefore, some of the inferior Martial Disciples were able to sense Qi in their thirties or even forties. But, only the rich could afford such a wonder as very few had the time and money for such an investment.

Moreover, there would be little time left for further studies if one didn’t acquire Qi-sensing until middle age. Then, the difficulty of becoming an intermediate Hou Tian Warrior would be tripled as the prime of a warrior would already be wasted. In that case, becoming an advanced Hou Tian Warrior would be out of the question.

But, some aristocrats collected rare herbs to help with their Qi-sensing. However, its cost was much more than that of the Qi Ling pill.

In fact, even Li Cang Hai had failed in reaching the Hou Tian stage before the age of fifteen.

He had finally managed to reach the twelfth level in Body Tempering in his twenties. He had to take a Qi Ling pill twice before he finally managed to become a Hou Tian Warrior.

But, it was impossible for Shi Mu to collect rare herbs. Therefore, the only way for him to succeed was through Body Tempering.

However, the time needed to advance to the next level increased exponentially after the ninth level. In fact, the required time exceeded the amount that the common people could afford to spend on training. So, it was impossible for common people to reach the twelfth level. Only the people born with a great amount of talent could achieve this stage. But, the total number of such geniuses in the entire history of Da Qi could be counted on the fingers.

However, the fortunate event that had befallen Shi Mu had allowed him to reach the ninth level. He was inching closer to the tenth level owing to the pain and sweat of each mutation.

It could be argued that he could reach the tenth level within a year. But, it was hard to imagine that he would reach the eleventh level. Moreover, Shi Mu didn’t wish to gamble a Qi Ling pill with a mere one-third chance of succeeding. So, he hadn’t been able to feel relieved.

He felt that he had no other choice but to resort to an insane approach that Li Cang Hai had told him about.

According to Li Cang Hai, a martial art expert had passed down a special method of Body Tempering. It was simple and crude, but it yielded amazing results. However, the process was extremely dangerous and full of suffering. It was rarely ever imparted to Martial Disciples as there was a chance of a premature death during its practice. Instructor Li had hinted that he would teach everything he knew to Shi Mu, but only in exchange for a large tuition fee.

Danger? What threat of danger could possibly scare Shi Mu? He had taken an oath to be the strongest warrior in front of his mother’s tomb!

However, his immediate goal was to master the ‘Stone-Breaking Fist’ art before he could concentrate on Body Tempering. Shi Mu was lost in thoughts. Suddenly, an idea dawned upon him.

Seven days later…

A three-feet-high blue tank filled densely with yellow soybeans stood in the centre of the manor square.

Shi Mu stood shirtless before the tank; he wore a pair of over-sized black trousers and a pair of thick silver gloves. ‘Pa! Pa!’ He started to punch the soybeans in the tank.

“Listen! Your physical strength is the basis of power for the Stone-Breaking Fist… But, the key to master this art is by toughening your fists. Otherwise, the strength that you use would only rebound from the stone. It’ll result in a self-mutilation of your fists.

“You’re only a beginner. So, the toughness of your fist can only battle wood at the moment. These gloves are made of layers of fish-skin. They’ll train your ligaments, tendons and flesh… and will prevent your fists from any grave injury. I’ll replace the beans with stones… and will take away one layer of fish-skin from your gloves once you manage to punch through this tank and break it. You’ll advance to the iron-pellet sand once you manage to do the same with the stones. After that… real rock…

“Left hand! Don’t wave it so far! Elbow! Keep it tucked! Good! Good!” Li Cang Hai explained with a poker face; his arms were folded.

“Yes.”

Shi Mu answered as he continued to move his arms. Each of his punches sunk half-an-inch deep into the tank. His upper body was sweating profusely. Each of his muscles trembled incessantly; as if he was engaged in a strange fanaticism.

Shi Mu let out a shout after a quarter-of-an-hour. He then punched the tank. His punch went at least one inch deep, and buried nearly half of his arm into the beans.

“Stop! Didn’t I ask you to restrain your strength? Let me inspect your fists… They might be injured!” Li Cang Hai’s expression changed. He was anxious as he scolded the young boy, and handed him a medicine bottle from his pocket.

“Master Li, I’m alright.” Shi Mu grinned and pulled out his half-buried arm from the beans.

“Humph! Let me be the judge of that. Take off your glove,” Li Cang Hai snorted.

Shi Mu swung his arm, and took off the layers of the glove. He then wiggled his reddish fingers in front of Li Cang Hai.

“Hmmm… That’s quite strange. Your hand look perfectly fine. I’ve been a teacher for years; I was expecting your fingers to be bleeding. Now, do this. Come over here… and pound this wooden target with your fists. Don’t hold back this time.” Instructor Li thought for some time. He then pointed towards a nearby thick stock and said. He seemed amazed after studying Shi Mu’s fist.

“Yes,” Shi Mu said, and took a deep breath. He then walked to the stock, and began to measure it in circles.

After that, he stretched his arms. Then, his gaze sharpened in intensity.

‘Boom!’

He then delivered a punch; it smashed the thick wooden target into two parts. The upper part went whizzing across the square, and collided with the outer wall of a house. The house quivered mightily with the impact.

However, Shi Mu’s fist had remained safe and sound.



Chapter 7: Blood Warriors

“For a beginner, your growth has been amazing. I’ve never seen anything like it before. Could it be… that you have inspired your blood?” said Li Cang Hai with an amazed look on his face for he was completely taken aback by Shi Mu’s performance.

“Inspired my blood?” Shi Mu said, pausing.

“Haha, I’m just throwing a wild guess at you. You can’t possibly be a Blood Warrior, for they are quite rare. You must have great inherent strength. However, it does seem as if your body was made to practice the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist,” said Li Cang Hai as he shook his head and smiled silently, for he was finding it hard to speak.

“Master Li, who are these Blood Warriors?” Shi Mu asked out of curiosity.

“Well, it is hard to explain. Some Hou Tian Warriors manage to stimulate a special kind of blood in their veins. Such warriors are called Blood Warriors, and this ability comes as a natural process. In order to even have a chance, a warrior needs to be born with it. Barely one in a million warriors is able to achieve this.

“As a Martial Disciple, it is next to impossible to stimulate your blood vessels. The Kai Yuan Martial Arts School will be able to help you learn more about the Blood Warriors, so prepare to get enrolled. Blood Warriors are often regarded as demons because they have the ability to annihilate any other warrior of the same level.

“You must remember that they are, in fact, hated for their talents. Being a Blood Warrior from a powerful family may be a fortunate occurrence, but otherwise Blood Warriors are usually assassinated at an early age. In fact, I recall that there are a few Blood Warriors among the candidates this year.” Li Cang Hai said, waving off the topic with a brief explanation, showing an obvious indifference.

Shi Mu nodded and did not inquire further, but memorized every piece of information about the Blood Warriors, and his own mutation deep in his heart.

“It is true that you do have outstanding talents in the ‘Stone-Breaking’ art. Anyway, I’d better quicken the pace, or the current exercise would become useless for you,” said Li, and paused.

“But, there is no question about your talents,” he added with a meaningful look at Shi Mu, along with a smile.

Then Li Cang Hai instructed some servants to fill the tank with sharp-looking stones. He took off another layer from the boy’s gloves and ordered Shi Mu to continue practicing.

This time, Shi Mu’s fists began to feel the soreness almost immediately. A little while later, both fists began to sting. It felt as if a myriad of tiny needles lay hidden in the stones.

Shi Mu turned to see Li Cang Hai standing near him, and he was able to tell that instructor Li had no intention of making him stop. So Shi Mu continued to hit the stones with a wild energy, his teeth clenched as he struck at his usual pace.

“There is a good possibility that your ligaments and bones will get injured because of the violent and forceful nature of the Stone Breaking fist method. Even with my secret medicine and your good aptitude, you must take a break for at least four days between each practice session.

“While you rest, you must continue to practice your Body Tempering and give your hands the chance to recover fully, so that you can move forward with your ‘Stone-Breaking’ fist later. If you are successful in adhering to this schedule for half a year, there is a possibility that you will reach the intermediate level of accomplishment in this fist art,” instructed Li Cang Hai.

“Yes,” Shi Mu said firmly, then threw another heavy punch into the stone tank, making it quiver slightly.

The day subsided and the night fell.

Shi Mu sat on the wooden chair in his room. His arms were resting on the table in front of him, with his hands bare without the gloves. His ten fingers were swollen to twice their usual size and were as red as an apple. The swelling had left his skin extremely thin and transparent, exposing his veins underneath. Shi Mu smiled bitterly as he sat in this miserable state.

Li Cang Hai believed that the effectiveness of his practice in the day could be justified only by an injury of this extent. But even applying the ointment was quite an impossible task, considering the state of his hands.

He contorted his face in agony as he attempted to take Instructor Li’s medicine bottle out from his shirt. He opened the lid and generously applied the ointment onto his swollen palm. He swore out aloud as his head and back broke out in a cold sweat.

The next morning, Shi Mu looked at his hands subconsciously as he woke up.

He was left stunned. The hands that had been swollen a night ago were now completely healed, as if no harm had been done to them. Had it not been for the residue of light red blood stains on the back of his hands, he would have thought that he was dreaming.

“How could this be? It’s impossible!” Shi Mu blurted out in surprise, as he flexed his hands, feeling his fingers nimble and undamaged.

Everything felt just fine and there was no trace of pain, making it seem as if yesterday’s practice had just been a dream.

He gazed at his hands in doubt, blinking his eyes. He then clutched the edge of the bed, exerting force through his fingers.

Kacha!

The chunk of wood broke into pieces.

Shi Mu was astonished at the sight, but quickly recovered and jumped with excitement. He took a moment to calm down, and then thought to himself, “It looks like I’m fine. Could it be that I’ve somehow aroused a blood vessel inside my body? If that is the case, then it must be because of that huge clam. Perhaps it’s all due to the blood fog.

“Though, as I have learned from Li Cang Hai, it would not be a clever choice to reveal my talent right away. However, since my body is able to recover at this quick a pace, I believe I can practice the fist art every single day!”

It was the peak time of noon.

Shi Mu’s hands were tightly pinned together with white straps, and a heavy sand bag was tied around his waist and legs. He was running around the square wildly, and shortly he became drenched in sweat.

Li Cang Hai watched from a short distance, his face expressing satisfaction.

In the afternoon, faint thuds could be heard from a room that was packed away deep inside the manor. Shi Mu was punching the stone tank wildly in the centre of the large empty room. The white straps that he had been using to protect his hands were no longer present, and the gloves he now wore were thinner.

He ignored the pangs in his fists, keeping his clenched mouth tightly shut, and continued punching the stones.

Deep in the night, the boy was fast asleep. His face expressed exhaustion, and his arms were stretched to the far edges of the bed. His fists were extremely red and swollen, and were now covered with a thick layer of white ointment. One of his fingers twitched suddenly, and his face was gripped with a grain of pain, but he continued to sleep through it.

“What? You want to try on iron this time?” Li Cang Hai was quite taken aback. He blurted out the question in disbelief, his eyes wide open.

“That’s right. I remember that Master Li once talked about an alternative art of Body Tempering, the speed of which was much faster than that of any other method. I wish to learn it. I have a good chance of finishing level eleven before the enrolment test. Moreover, with the aid of a Qi Ling pill, I would have a better chance of attaining Qi-sensing,” Shi Mu said in a rather calm voice. His hands were once again covered with thick layers of white straps.

“I have said this before. But I will repeat myself. Are you really aware of the danger of such a method? Despite its benefits, this method is dangerous and will require you to invest a huge amount of resources. Not to forget, you will risk dying every time you practice it,” Li Cang Hai said with much severity.

“I’ll do anything to reach the eleventh level within a year. I don’t care about money or danger. Master Li, all I ask of you is to teach me,” his face grim with determination, Shi Mu bowed and said.

“Well, I’ve already told you all the possible consequences. I have no reason not to teach you if you continue to insist. But this method requires some outside help in its first few stages. So you will have to come to our school. Will that be a problem?”

“Not at all. To save myself the hassle of commuting, I will live in the city and continue my training,” Shi Mu said, immediately coming up with the idea.

“Your best option is to live near the club. Well then, we will resume our lesson tomorrow. Bring a thousand silver notes to the club tomorrow. I will go back to the school today and make the necessary preparations for you. Hey, you’ll get your money’s worth. As the name may suggest, this method of Body Tempering will temper your body as if it were made of iron, enhancing it with great force. During this period, you will go through a great deal of suffering and pain. You must take medicinal baths every day as per my instructions. Your body will break down if you attempt to skip these daily baths. Once you complete this, I’ll have nothing left to teach you at the Martial Disciple’s level,” Li Cang Hai smiled, nodding in agreement.

Shi Mu listened to the instructions obediently.

Li Cang Hai continued to teach Shi Mu some other strength based skills for the rest of the day, and then left with a few parting words.

Shi Mu immediately asked for Zhang Suo, who was responsible for the manor’s affairs. He requested a clean and vacant house to be rented for his residence in the city, for the period of his training.

Zhang Suo dutifully promised to run the errand, and then hurried away with some silver notes to do as he was asked.



Chapter 8: A Corpse Attacks the Old Temple

It was raining heavily, with the raindrops thudding hard against the ground. Loud crashes of dull thunder could be heard in the distance from time to time. Bolts of lightning flashed vividly, lighting up the sky in a stark white flash.

A man was seen running wildly like a leopard; each leap that he took must have been at least five times that of an ordinary person. It only took him a moment to cross a small hill, and then he was directly on his way to the thick woods nearby.

Shortly afterwards, he disappeared into the woods and a shadow flashed about.

An intense rumbling noise was heard. Boom! More than a dozen large trees slowly fell to the ground. A clean cut had slashed through their trunks. Just then a sudden lightning bolt flashed, revealing the man in the light. He wore a straw hat, and a straw raincoat.

As the darkness returned, the man disappeared again.

The gate to a broken and worn down temple on the hill was thrown open, leaving a trail of heavy footsteps. They belonged to a man carrying a huge object on his shoulder. As he pushed the door open, heavy raindrops and gusts of wind rushed inside the temple.

Two travellers were seen sitting around a bonfire in the centre of the hall. On hearing the disturbing noise, they turned around with astonishment to face the man.

“Why are you visiting the temple? And is that my firewood?” the man in the straw hat questioned unhurriedly. The heavy object on his shoulder fell to the ground as he shook the raindrops from his raincoat.

The two travellers consisted of a man and a girl.

The man, apparently in his forties, looked poised but it was clear that he had been worn-out from his journey. The latter was a teenage girl, 14 or 15 year old, with fair skin. She was beautiful by all standards, and had a fairly noticeable blue birthmark – a blemish on her otherwise perfect face.

“Ah, that’s your firewood! I’m sorry, I mistook this temple to be uninhabited. The firewood was lying around, and I just used it to make a fire. My daughter and I were completely soaked in the rain. But don’t worry young boy, I will definitely compensate you for the firewood and shelter,” the middle-aged man stood up hurriedly to offer his apology, but his eyes were fearfully focussed on the huge object on the ground.

On the ground lay the corpse of a brown boar, weighing at least five hundred kilograms. The animal had died quite recently, as could be concluded from the stark white colour of its eyes, the still bleeding mouth, and its two huge broken fangs.

“The wood was chopped so it could be used. So use it,” the figure in the straw hat walked up to the travellers.

The light of the bonfire revealed a boy with thick brows and huge eyes, carrying a long blade. It was none other than Shi Mu.

“Then, I must thank you for your hospitality. Please call for me if you are in need of anything. I am surnamed Zhong,” the middle aged man could not help but answer in haste at the boy’s offer. He was smiling profusely, and did not relax until he was assured that he had repeatedly expressed his gratefulness. He then went back to the bonfire and began comforting the girl.

The girl in the blue dress secretly stole a glance at Shi Mu, with a tender look on her face.

By then Shi Mu had put away the saber, as well as his raincoat. An unexpected sight lay beneath his clothes, for he wore a thick, black iron armour. The armour covered his torso entirely, leaving only his neck and arms exposed.

“Is that the famous black armour?” the middle-aged man asked, stunned at the sight.

“You know about this armour?” It was Shi Mu’s turn to be surprised.

“Haha, I once saw a blacksmith forge this armour with my own eyes, to tell you the truth. That’s why it made a deep impression on me. How much does your amour weigh? The blacksmith had told me that this armour was not used for defence in fights because of its brittleness. The armour is used simply to help warriors in training their bodies,” the man answered, smiling.

“The one I’m wearing at the moment does not weigh a lot, or it would have been difficult for me to move,” Shi Mu waved the question off, grasping one side of the armour with some strength.

The black armour cracked into two pieces, and Shi Mu threw it onto the ground with ease. The two pieces fell to the ground with a thud, causing the ground to tremble. The middle-aged man found himself blinking his eyes twice.

Not a lot? That must be a joke, for the weight had to be remarkable! The armour must have weighed at least two or three hundred kilograms. It would require a huge monster to support the armour only through brute strength. This boy had to be rather strong for his age, and his level in Body Tempering is sure to be quite high.

Shi Mu’s body began to relax as he undid the black armour’s straps. Once he was done, he cut the two front legs of the boar in the blink of an eye. The legs were illuminated by a golden light before they were skinned quickly and completely. Then the boy took out a small bottle from his clothes. He sprinkled some white powder from the bottle on to the boar’s legs, and then carried them to the bonfire.

A strong and delicious smell began to fill the whole temple after some time. The two travellers who sat around the bonfire had been eating their prepared dried food, but found themselves drawn to the strong smell of the sizzling boar legs. The girl could not help but drool, but at once found it ungraceful. She lowered her head, hiding the blush on her face.

Shi Mu noticed this and, taking her by surprise, passed her the half done leg with a quiet smile.

“That’s too much! We’ve already used your firewood, we can’t possibly take your meat as well…” said the middle aged man, overjoyed. His words were refusing the offer, but his hands willingly and shamelessly accepted it.

“Father…” the girl beside him said, in a shameful tone.

“There is plenty of meat for everyone, don’t you see? This young boy is obviously a strong warrior, and such a small offer wouldn’t bother him,” the man answered his daughter, grinning.

“Alright then, but thank you, young master,” the girl blushed in meek acceptance at her father’s impoliteness, thanking Shi Mu.

“You’re welcome. It’s not a problem. In any case, this boar is too big for me to eat alone,” Shi Mu turned to the girl and answered with a smile. He had already skinned another leg of the boar by then.

“By the way, young boy, Feng City is not too far from here, right? We have come from Ying City to stay with our relatives living in Feng City. We lost our way in the mountains when the rain started pouring, and then it got dark,” said the middle aged man, inquiring about the way. He was smiling brightly, trying to rip a piece of meat for his daughter.

“I see. I was wondering what brought the two of you to this deserted temple at such a late hour. Uncle Zhong, don’t worry, Feng City is not very far from here. You’ll see the west gate of the city if you walk along the road that goes straight from the temple for about two and a half kilometres,” Shi Mu answered unthinkingly, finally understanding the reason for their presence in the temple.

“That’s great! Xiu, did you hear that, my child? We can reach Feng City by tomorrow itself, and then soon you’ll be married into the Wu family,” said the middle aged man, overjoyed.

“Father, stop it! Can’t you see our present condition? I look terrible right now, so there is a high chance that they might cancel the engagement,” said the girl, blushing with shame at her father’s mention of her engagement.

“Terrible? That’s nonsense! My daughter is the most intelligent and beautiful girl in the whole world! Humph, it is because of the Wus that we are now in such a state. Don’t worry my Xiu, I’ll talk to the Wus about your engagement,” The middle-aged man said, clearly disapproving of his daughter’s self-abasement.

A bell went off in Shi Mu’s head!

The Wu family? Could they be talking about the powerful Wu clan, second only to the Jin? But the stature of the father and daughter did not indicate that they could be strong enough to be warriors.

As the man was talking to his daughter, and Shi Mu was cooking next to them, a shrill howl was heard in the distance; and a short while later, another loud sound was heard, not too far from the temple. Within a moment, a large figure approached the temple, having covered a great distance.

“What is that? Are there monsters in these mountains?” the man asked, scared out of his wits. He stood up and fumbled for a dagger in his clothes. He managed to take out the sharp weapon which shone in the cold. He stood in front of his daughter to protect her, though he was terribly scared himself. His legs were trembling, making it evident that he would not last even a minute in a fight.

“It is not a monster, or at least not a monster from this mountain. I’ve never heard a howl like this one before,” Shi Mu said, reaching swiftly for the saber lying beside the bonfire. His eyes shone as he glared at the temple gate, which seemed to be going dark, threateningly. Shi Mu expectantly waited for the unknown, for he had trained himself by hunting wild animals in the mountain for half a year. He had not done so for entertainment, but to acquire the experience of actual combat. Moreover, he had continued to train in Body Tempering.

Shi Mu had managed to kill at least one hundred wild wolves and boars in the mountains, although it was a rather tame place when one considered the animals living in it. Having killed such a large number of animals, he was way more experienced than his company, who shied away from blood.

Though he wasn’t a warrior, the middle-aged man was quite observant. Shi Mu’s composure helped in calming him down a bit.

Boom! The already half broken gate was burst open from the outside. A human figure rushed into the hall, accompanied by a shower of splinters. His skin was black from head to toe.

“This is… a zombie! A real zombie! Good heavens! Where has this thing come from? What are the armies in Feng City doing? We are dead!” the man said as he recognised the monster, already half dead with fright.

A zombie?

Shi Mu’s blood froze when he saw the figure.

The monster was at least three meters tall; its face badly mutilated, with two big bloody holes carved where the eyes should have been. The entire body of the monster was covered with a thick layer of black hair. A nauseating smell emerged from the drops of green fluid that were dripping from its body intermittently.



Chapter 9: Killing the Corpse

Shi Mu was surprised by the zombie’s unexpected appearance. This allowed it to pounce on him with a loud howl.

A smell of rancid rotten fish was emanating from its body. Shi Mu took a deep breath, cleared his mind, and immediately wielded his saber.

His wrists moved actively as he handled the saber, generating a strong and cold light which soared forward.

Pang! Shi Mu slashed the monster’s chest five times in quick succession. But the dull cuts seemed as if they had fallen onto a dead tree, and left nothing but a few shallow wounds, barely grazing the surface. Drops of green blood trickled out of the wounds, but to no real effect. The corpse spread its arms wide and pushed Shi Mu down with force.

Shi Mu was astonished beyond his wits. Up until this point, he was entirely sure about the strength and experience he had gained from running wildly in the rain, wearing the heavy black armour.

He did not require any previous knowledge of martial arts to wriggle out of the grasp of the monster’s thick arms. Then, he quickly turned to face its back.

“Hah!” Shi Mu shouted as he struck the monster’s waist five times with his saber, before it had a chance to react.

The monster howled in anger when inflicted with these superficial wounds. The three spectators were left shocked as it wrenched its body backwards, turning its upper body 180 degrees around. Then, it violently pounced on Shi Mu’s head.

“Boom!” It was impossible for Shi Mu to dodge this attack, for he had not anticipated it. Shi Mu frantically began attacking with his knife, but was met with a powerful force in return, which sent his whole body flying.

A broken stone column abruptly stopped his flight. As Shi Mu began to rise, he coughed out blood, feeling rather lightheaded.

The corpse rushed forward and attacked low for the second time, giving Shi Mu no chance to escape. Shi Mu did not attempt to dodge the attack this time, but shouted as he struck out with the saber and delivered six different cuts. The fierce successive cuts gave out a dull sound. The force used by the boy had been so immense that the knife flew upwards at the collision, before finally finding its way into a crossbeam. As for Shi Mu, he was thrust backwards by the collision.

The monster let out a shrill sound as the force of the violent attack pushed him backwards as well. It had four new scars on its arms, and another two long ones on its face, oozing out a large amount of green blood.

A thought struck the middle-aged man, and he shouted anxiously to Shi Mu, “Young brother, the head is its weakness”. What he did not expect, however, was that his voice would attract the monster’s attention towards him. The monster directed its anger, now, to the annoying helper standing by the fire. The monster was well aware that, alone, Shi Mu was anything but an easy prey.

“No,” the middle aged man was scared out of his wits. However, he bravely stood his ground in front of his daughter, and cast out the dagger at the monster. He then turned around to tightly hold the girl to his chest, in order to act as her armour.

The monster brushed away the dagger as easily as if it was dust. And with its other hand, it ripped open the man’s chest, its sharp fingers halfway into his body.

“Ah!” the man shouted in pain as his blood gushed out. His daughter grew pale and, on seeing her father in pain, began screaming in despair.

Then something strange happened.

The monster had opened its rotten mouth and was lowering its head, but the girl’s screams made him tremble, forcing a sudden shout out of him. It withdrew its arms from the man’s chest and staggered back, as if some unknown agony had taken possession of him.

Seizing the opportunity, Shi Mu rushed to the monster’s back, his movement stirring a sudden puff of wind and dust. He jumped three meters high and began punching the monster’s head mercilessly. Boom! His two fists were like iron hammers at the forge, aiming right at the monster’s weakness. An exploding sound was heard with each hit, such was his superhuman strength. Innumerable drops of green blood began to splatter in all directions, as the monster’s head was split open like a melon. Shi Mu moved back so as to not come in contact with the ominous green-blooded rain.

The corpse twitched twice, and then fell heavily on the ground.

Shi Mu steadied his body and clenched his fists, his face losing a bit of its colour. The mortal wound had been delivered in less than a moment. However, Shi Mu would not have succeeded in killing the monster if it hadn’t been disturbed by the girl’s sudden scream. That being said, his superhuman strength undoubtedly had a huge part to play in the success. He had acquired it because of his nearly accomplished Stone-Breaking Fist. No ordinary disciple would have been able to injure the monster’s head with bare hands, despite it being his weakest point.

“Father!” the girl called out grievously.

Shi Mu turned to see the mortally wounded man. His daughter was leaning over his body, trying desperately to stop the blood coming out of the large holes in his chest. Her hopeless efforts were made redundant by his ceaseless bleeding.

“Young boy, young boy…” said the pale faced middle-aged man, as he called out desperately to Shi Mu, ignoring his own daughter.

“Stop talking father. Save your energy while I find a doctor for you,” the girl cried.

“It’s too late, Xiu. I have enough medical knowledge to know that. My heart has no strength now, and I have but a few moments left. My life has given me plenty of good times, but, I have one regret today before dying. That regret is you,” the man smiled bitterly in response, casting an anxious glance at Shi Mu.

Her father’s words broke the girl’s heart.

“Uncle Zhong, do you have any last wishes?” Shi Mu lowered his body as he walked up to the man, sighing in despair. He was quick to understand that trouble was to follow, but knew that it was impossible to avoid it now.

“Little brother, it must have been destiny that made me meet you here. Now that my life’s ending, I can’t bear the thought of leaving my little Xiu all alone in this world, unprotected. So please look after her…” the man said, gasping for breath.

“There’s no need for me to look after your daughter. Is she not engaged to be married into the Wu family? Although, I can promise to escort her there,” Shi Mu said, surprised at the request.

“The Wus? Haha. I would have found a way to get her married into the family if I was alive, but now… they will no longer acknowledge the engagement. My daughter will only be…”

“Then I shall take her to your other relatives,” Shi Mu frowned, interrupting.

“We have had no relatives ever since our family came into poverty. My little Xiu, listen, you no longer have an engagement with the Wus. Little brother, you are obviously no average man. I do not ask you to take my daughter as your wife, but please at least let her be your concubine. I can rest in peace only if she lives safely. As a warrior, this family heirloom will be of use to you. Take it as my daughter’s betrothal gift. If you cause her any harm, I will become a vengeful spirit and curse you!” the middle aged man said quickly in his last moments. He then produced a wooden case from his shirt and thrust it forcibly into Shi Mu’s hands.

After a loud cry, he stopped breathing.

“Father!” the girl cried.

Her father’s words had left her too surprised to weep. But his death forced tears out of her eyes, and she wept as she leaned over his body.

Shi Mu was speechless, and had no idea what to do about the matter.

“Young master, my father was quite delirious in his last moments. Don’t take his words seriously. Please escort me to the Wu Clan in Feng City,” the girl stopped crying after some time. Her eyes were swollen, but her back was now straight and firm.

“Miss Zhong, I do believe that it would be quite rude of me to do as Uncle Zhong asked. Also, please take this case back,” the girl’s words relaxed him a bit. He sighed and passed the case back to the girl, seeming quite embarrassed.

“I’ve never seen this case myself. But I will not take it back, for my father gave it to you in person. Besides, I would not be alive if it weren’t for you,” the girl said, declining the offer.

“Alright then, Miss Zhong. Don’t address me as young master anymore. My name is Shi Mu, and you can call me that. Well, the rain has stopped. We must bury your father now, or animals may find their way here because of the body,” Shi Mu said after a moment’s hesitation, taking the case back.

“Then I’ll rely on you for help. Brother Shi, you may call me Zhong Xiu from now on,” the girl said. The girl had gained strength after crying, though still seeming fragile.

On the hill behind the temple, the girl knelt beside a tomb and made three loud kowtows to her father, suppressing her anguish. Later, she left with Shi Mu, turning back once to see the tomb.

The two returned to the temple to find that the monster’s body had began to rot at an alarming speed. The hall was polluted with a stinking smell, the source being the large amount of green fluids which were leaving the monster’s body.

The scene scared Zhong Xiu, and she was too frightened to take a single step.

Shi Mu frowned and said, “It’s unsafe to leave this strange thing here. Miss Zhong, please wait here for a moment while I deal with it.”

The girl nodded in agreement.

Shi Mu then walked out of the hall, and returned after a while with a bunch of thick leaves in his hand. He walked up to the body with the huge leaves, covered it briefly, and lifted the corpse out of the hall.

Pa! Something fell from the leaves.



Chapter 10: The Wu Family

“What?”

Shi Mu exclaimed as he stared at what seemed to be a black iron plate decorated with delicate patterns. The patterns looked like characters, but Shi Mu couldn’t recognise even one out of the many.

“Miss Zhong, have you seen this thing before?” he curiously picked it up, tossed and turned it over and over, and read it several times, but could not help his curiosity and asked Zhong Xiu.

“I am seeing it for the first time. It must have belonged to the zombie. As zombies were also once human, it is not strange for them to carry certain human objects,” the girl said as she came up to look at the object, making an effort to suppress the nausea caused by the decaying corpse.

Shi Mu nodded and, after some hesitation, stored the iron piece away. He then carried the leaf-covered body out of the hall.

Soon after that, they were on their way to the city.

Shi Mu could not resist asking Zhong Xiu about the shriek that had made the zombie recoil.

Shi Mu did not persist once he realised that Zhong Xiu was equally baffled by it.

Since it was late in the day and the west gate of the city had already been closed, Shi Mu took the girl back to his suburban manor.

In the evening, Shi Mu found himself resting in his room, observing the iron piece in his hand.

At first glance, the piece seemed as if it were made out of common black iron. A closer study, however, revealed that it was heavier than expected and was particularly cold to touch. Moreover, upon further examination, the delicate decorations seemed to portray a kind of primitive simplicity, creating a sense of mystery and fascination.

Shi Mu could tell that it was not an ordinary object. But after studying it for a long time, he carefully put it away, for he was still unsure of its origin. Then he took out the wooden case that Uncle Zhong had given him right before his death.

It seemed that the Zhongs were no ordinary family, which meant that their heirloom would be something special as well.

Shi Mu opened the case and found a thick book inside, its pages already yellowed by time. On its cover, four characters in red were written as such: “Zhong Gong Mi Dian” – The Secret Arts of the Zhong Clan. A little surprised, Shi Mu pulled the book out to get a better look.

There were a total of three hundred pages in the book. Tiny black characters were printed on all of them, some of which were vividly illustrated. A brief glance at the first few pages brought a wave of shock to Shi Mu’s face. He sucked in a cold breath, and sank into silence because of the book’s contents.

The book was divided into two parts. The first part narrated a great number of methods that could be used to make rare weapons, while the second part gave instructions on how to produce delicate tools and poisons. Both parts were way beyond Shi Mu’s imagination, considering their obscurity and mystery.

Shi Mu found a weapon called “The Black Stone Poison Sword”, which was ordinary in shape but was empty from inside. This enabled one to infuse the sword with a large amount of poison. When used in combat, after 3 or 5 moves, the sword would splinter, splattering poison on the enemy.

Another weapon, which was a small crossbow named “Crossbow Arrow” was even nastier to use. This hidden weapon was to be worn on the back. In order to use it, one had to bow before the person they intended to kill, and then slightly pull on a strap hidden inside their cuff. Three arrows would then shoot out from the crossbow towards the target, killing them before they could even get a chance to be aware of the attack.

The different kinds of poisons in the book ranged from those which could knock people unconscious, to those whose deadly effects matured with time. There were, therefore, a variety of poisons in the book.

“I really wonder what it was the Zhongs did that required them to develop such foul things. The worn out condition of the book suggests that it must have been passed down from the earliest of ancestors,” Shi Mu thought to himself.

This book was a real eye opener for Shi Mu. If he could manage to memorise its contents, it would be of great help to him. It would especially benefit him when he had to deal with people with similar skills. His attention was also drawn to some other things that were recorded in the book.

He turned the pages quickly to find an illustration of two weapons – a large and a small one, placed one above the other. The larger one was a slightly arched single-edged knife, with a long enough handle to be held with both hands. A black string was seen faintly resting around the handle. The smaller one was a tiny, yet incredibly sharp looking dagger. Shi Mu Gazed at the illustration, lost in deep thought.

The next morning, Shi Mu arrived at a certain street in Feng City along with a swollen eyed Zhong Xiu. There was a spectacularly huge manor on one side of the street, covering more than half a square kilometre in area.

Shi Mu walked up to knock on the blue door, which had a golden doorplate with a huge ‘Wu’ engraved on it.

“Who’s knocking at the door at such an early hour! Even the sun has not risen yet!” said a man impatiently, as he finally opened the door. He looked like he was a servant, and he stepped out to look at the two visitors.

“This girl is your relative. Would you please tell the others that she has arrived?” Shi Mu passed a jade plate to the servant as he said this.

“Our relative? Wait a moment,” the man said, half-convinced. He then took the jade plate and closed the door.

The door was opened again soon thereafter. This time, two men emerged from within. The man who led the way was a long-bearded old man, while the one behind him was a boy of Shi Mu’s age. The boy resembled the old man in appearance, but he had an air of arrogance and pride about him.

“It really is my niece! That’s perfect! I’ve been waiting for you for a long time, ever since I got your letter. But where is my brother Zhong? And who might this be…?” the pale old man smiled at the sight of Zhong Xiu, but seemed rather surprised at Shi Mu’s presence.

The eyes of the boy behind the old man, flashed in disgust as he looked at Zhong Xiu, noticing the blue birthmark on the girl’s forehead.

“This is young master Shi. I… I lost my father on the way. It’s only because of young master Shi that I have managed to reach here,” Zhong Xiu said as she greeted the old man in a polite and graceful manner, her eyes shining with tears.

“What? Has some misfortune befallen Brother Zhong? Wait. This is not the place to talk about things such as this. Would you please follow me inside?” he said, apparently astonished by the news. He was quick to comfort the girl and lead her inside.

The girl nodded.

“Oh, I nearly forgot about this young boy. Thank you for bringing my niece here. Here is a reward for you,” the old man said, frowning. He took another glance at Shi Mu and passed him a silver coin.

“Thank you, but I don’t need it. As Zhong Xiu has reached her destination, my work here is finished,” Shi Mu said and left, declining the offer.

“What a proud bastard! I’ve seen many guys like him. They act as if they are too good for our money, but in their hearts, they want it just as much,” the young man snorted.

“Brother Shi is definitely not one of them,” Zhong Xiu said in a low voice.

The pale old man only smiled as he led the two inside.

After he had left Zhong Xiu at the Wu residence, Shi Mu crossed a few streets before he finally reached a building with a sign that read “Liu Feng Martial Arts Club”. He walked through the gate and saw that approximately ten teenage boys were practising with weapons.

“Brother Shi Mu is here!” two boys immediately walked up to greet him, as he walked inside the building. One of the boys seemed as if he was twenty years old, and the other one looked to be around sixteen.

“Brother Feng, Brother Gao, you are here as well?” Shi Mu greeted them happily, though he had not expected them to be present.

“We are here to see the newly obtained medicines for Body Tempering. We were wondering if they might be of use to us since we heard that they were quite cheap. But Brother Shi has no need for them, for he must have finished his Body Tempering by now,” said the older boy, who looked rather elegant.

“I heard instructor Li say that you will reach level ten very soon. Is that true?” the younger one asked with a flicker of doubt in his eyes; a deep knife cut had left a scar on his left eyebrow.

Shi Mu had gotten to know the boys after his first visit to the club. The elder boy’s name was Feng Li, and the younger was called Gao Yuan.

“It’s true, I’m nearing level ten. I am not here for the medicine. I have to ask instructor Li about some problems I have been facing,” Shi Mu answered with a smile.

“So the rumour is true! It sure seems like Brother Shi will be able to acquire Qi sensing at such an early age. Instructor Li is right to call you a real talent. Hey, we should get a drink sometime soon at your restaurant to celebrate!” Feng Li sighed, surprised. Gao Yuan also seemed to be admiring Shi Mu.

“That sounds like a great idea,” Shi Mu said, agreeing. He left after exchanging some pleasantries. But as he was leaving, Feng Li gave him a meaningful look. Shi Mu observed the look with a quiet understanding, his expression only changing for a moment.

He then walked to a yard behind the practice ground. He found Li Cang Hai resting in a wooden armchair. His eyes were half closed, as if he were deep in thought. As Li saw Shi Mu come in, he smiled and rose from his chair.

“Master Li, are we going to ask those senior Martial Disciples for help this time?” Shi Mu asked after bowing.

“There is no need. Only I can help, as it is a crucial time for you before you reach the eleventh level. You haven’t told anyone else about your real level, right?” Li Cang Hai asked, his voice and manner relaxed.

“Of course not. I’ve been following master’s instructions. Everyone believes that I’m only at the intermediate stage of level nine,” Shi Mu answered with a smile.

“Good. Good. Then they will definitely be surprised at the competition in half a month. Our Feng Liu Club will far outshine the rest of the three clubs,” Li Cang Hai said, giving a pleased smile.



Chapter 11: The Fight

“I feel quite confident about winning, Master Li. Will you really teach me the ‘art of Throwing Knife’ after the match?” Shi Mu asked, giving a quick nod.

“I have managed to achieve the ‘Art of Throwing Knife’ after 20 years of meditation. I doubt that it will be defeated by any of the rare skills practiced by large families. I had planned on keeping it a secret, but I will gift it to you if you garner enough fame for our Feng Liu Club in this competition,” Li Cang Hai chuckled.

“Then I shall do my best,” Shi Mu answered with a smile.

“Honestly, your progress in Body Tempering is amazing. It is a wonder that you can already practice with iron sand. You must not, however, take this competition lightly. Although all the participants are below eighteen, the students of the other clubs will not be much weaker than you. I know of a couple of contestants who have reached level ten in Body Tempering. But, if you could manage to reach level eleven, then it is sure to be an easy win,” Li Cang Hai said in a serious tone.

“I shall practise unceasingly,” Shi Mu answered without thinking.

“You need not to say to me. I will also make you enter the level successfully, and too in a short period of time,” Li Cang Hai’s eyes were glittering with hope as he led Shi Mu to a spacious room behind the yard. Once they had entered it, he directly bolted the door.

Shi Mu took off his shirt and a belt of heavy sand thudded down onto the ground, making the floor tremble.

Shi Mu never took the belt off, except for when he had to bathe or sleep. He had even been wearing it when he had confronted the zombie in the old temple. He would have been much quicker if he had the time to undo the heavy sand belt when the zombie had appeared.

“The belt is not heavy enough for you. Increase the weight by ten kilograms from tomorrow onwards,” said Li Cang Hai. He then took out a stout stick from a nearby shelf, which was padded with a thick layer of animal skin at each end.

Shi Mu nodded obediently, stomping hard on the ground. He lowered his body firmly and took a deep breath. He then clenched his fists, holding his breath.

Li Cang Hai raised his steady arms before he began heavily striking at every acupuncture point on Shi Mu’s body. After a long period of time, Shi Mu emerged from the room with his clothes on. His normally nimble feet looked slightly unsteady, and his face was somewhat contorted in pain.

Meanwhile Li Cang Hai, who was sweating profusely in the room, smiled bitterly to himself.

“This little boy must have a body like a demon’s! How else could he exhaust an intermediate warrior like me? But that’s good. It is because of this demon-like body that he has been able to finish the iron sand practice in half a year. I’m looking forward to the competition this year. Even if one disregards the iron sand practice, his jump of two levels within half-a-year is still outstanding. Incredible! Could he actually be a blood warrior?” Li Cang Hai said, sinking into a meditation.

Li Cang Hai wasn’t aware that Shi Mu had not been taking regular breaks between each iron sand practice. One would normally rest for a few days after practicing the iron sand method. Instead, Shi Mu was relying on his amazing healing power. He therefore continued practicing during the intervals by hunting wild animals in the mountain, wearing the heavy black armour. This was the reason he was able to achieve so much in Body Tempering.

After leaving the club, Shi Mu crossed a street before reaching a rather beautiful manor.

This remote manor was one of his temporary residences, comprising of three rooms in the city. A little while after his entry, a certain room of the manor was filled with a strong smell. The smell of medical herbs along with steam began wafting out of the window.

“Ahhh,” Shi Mu sighed as he relaxed. He was lying in a big wooden basin, immersed in boiling water and covered with some herbs. His upper body was outside the water, covered with swollen marks. His face, however, was relaxed. He soon fell asleep in his bath.

When he opened his eyes again, the water had already cooled down, and the sky had turned dark outside the window. Shi Mu rose from the basin and studied his body carefully. The swollen marks were nearly invisible now. The special medicine made by Feng Liu club was truly remarkable. The medicine, along with his own abnormal healing, was the reason why he had been able to undergo the brutal training for half a year. After all, not every warrior could safely endure heavy poundings every few days, let alone arduous running every evening clad in heavy armour, and a weighted belt. In this half year, he had grown much taller. Apart from a little bit of childishness, both his stature and his style of speech resembled that of an adult’s.

After he had dried himself with a towel, Shi Mu put on his shirt and sand belt. He then left the room.

One hour later, Shi Mu was at a certain street in the north district of the city. He looked around to make sure no one was watching, then turned and walked into a plain looking house. He found an ordinary-looking room inside, where two men were waiting at a square table. These two were none other than Feng Li and Gao Yuan.

“Brother Shi, you’ve come,” greeted Feng Li with a smile, rising from his chair as soon as he saw Shi Mu. Gao Yuan also happily rose to greet him.

“I was sure Brother Feng had some business for me after the gesture at the club,” Shi Mu said with a smile.

“Brother Shi’s right. This time, we need your presence. The opponents are from the Luan Shui gang near Huang Tian. We, belonging to the Black Fox sect, have asked them to come and compete with us here tonight. The result of this competition will decide who can reign over the five streets near North King Temple. I heard that they have obtained the help of some experts. So please be careful, Brother Shi,” Feng Li explained the situation.

“Experts? Do you mean Martial Disciples?” said Shi Mu, his eyes flashing with surprise.

“Don’t worry, small sects like Black Fox and Luan Shui cannot afford a Peak Level Martial Disciple. The experts I mentioned can’t be better than some of the Mid-Level ones from the clubs. The Luan Shui sect has been desperate ever since Brother Shi helped us last time. Our Black Fox sect has grown much stronger ever since Brother Shi started helping us,” said Gao Yuan, curling his lips into a smile.

“That’s true. Though it’s not a set rule, small sects like ours have trouble attracting the attention of a Peak Level Martial Disciples. So even if the Luan Shui guys knew one at the peak of the level, they can’t possibly afford the cost, for it would leave them penniless,” Feng Li smiled with assurance.

“I can help as long as there are no Peak Level Martial Disciples involved. As usual, it will cost three hundred silver notes, and nobody should know I’m participating,” Shi Mu said. He had been reassured by the boys, and so he completed the deal with confidence.

“Good, then it’s settled. We’ve prepared the thing you requested, and we can set out in a moment,” Feng Li said. He took out a small package from his shirt and passed it to Shi Mu.

Shi Mu walked into a back room, which had a small table. He set the package down on the table and opened it. Inside, he found a pair of black gloves, a black robe, and a silver mask. He donned them in a quick and efficient manner. When he came out of the room, Feng Li and Gao Yuan fell silent for a moment.

“Each time I see Brother Shi in this suit, I almost get the feeling that Second Brother is still with us,” said Gao Yuan. His expression had turned nondescript on seeing Shi Mu in the suit.

“Oh, we are so fortunate to have Brother Shi helping us. Ever since Second Brother’s death in that accident, Brother Shi has taken his place in protecting us. Without him playing the role of ‘Fierce Fists’, we Black Foxes wouldn’t have been powerful enough to keep our territories. Except for the two of us, nobody knows that the top expert in our sect has changed,” Feng Li echoed with a sad sigh.

“I’m only doing this to make money for my medicine baths. Besides, your Black Fox sect protects those who cannot fight back against crueller sects. If I stand by and let you guys get beaten, ordinary people would suffer as well,” said a dull voice from the mask, completely different from Shi Mu’s original tone.

“Of course, it benefits both of us. There’s not much time left, let’s hurry,” Feng Li smiled in agreement, politely indicating the need to hurry.

Shi Mu wasn’t against this either. The three of them soon left the room, disappearing at the end of the street and melting into the dim night.

In a dilapidated and remote street, two groups of men were furiously fighting each other. They were wearing the distinct colours of their respective sects. One sect was wearing black and consisted of approximately forty men. Feng, Gao, and Shi stood behind this group with folded arms, watching them fight. The other sect apparently outnumbered the first, and all of its members were wearing blue. This was the notorious Luan Shui sect. Five men stood behind them, carefully watching the fight.

Before long, the outnumbered Black Fox sect started to crumble. Many of its members were sporting serious wounds, which forced them to retire from the fight.

“Brother Shi, we must display your skills now,” said Feng Li. His heart had grown heavy at the sight, and he turned to Shi Mu for help.

Shi Mu nodded without objection and charged into the crowd without delay.

Peng! Peng! Two dull sounds were heard as two of the blue-robed men fell to the ground.

“Run away, it’s Fierce Fists!” yelled many of the blue robed Luan Shui members. They started running in the opposite direction at the sight of Shi Mu dressed as Fierce Fists. Meanwhile, two burly fellows dressed in blue rushed forward towards Shi Mu’s back. They raised their armed staffs to strike his back.

Shi Mu turned around and punched the advancing weapons, breaking them. Shi Mu moved in to attack, leaving no time for his opponents to react. One single punch launched one of the men six meters back, where he dropped to the ground like a brick.

Shi Mu then turned to the other man, kicking him with enough force to stir up some wind.



Chapter 12: Bravery

Shi Mu managed to take down seven or eight of his opponents in the blink of an eye, like a wolf among a herd of sheep. The Luan Shui sect began to flee down both sides of the road in fear.

Grabbing the opportunity, Feng Li and Gao Yuan charged into the chaos and began to strike at five or six of their enemies with a pair of iron rods.

The men who were watching from behind saw this and, in order to reinforce their little army, were forced to abandon their watch-and-wait policy. Three Luan Shui thugs led by a middle aged man rushed towards Shi Mu, who was masquerading as ‘Fierce Fists’. The middle-aged man called out loudly to Shi Mu. Meanwhile, two other men stood up to act as obstacles in the paths of Gao Yuan and Feng Li.

A series of non-stop whacks were heard from the four iron rods in Feng Li and Gao Yuan’s hands. The iron rods moved in similar motions, for they both were using the same martial art technique.

Though their opponents both wielded flat white weapons that looked like iron rulers, they were employing different skills. One moved his ruler in a firm and heavy manner, while the other seemed to move his weapon more randomly with quick and fluid movements. It was hard to tell which side had an advantage over the other.

Meanwhile, Shi Mu was fighting three blue robed men. They were far stronger than the others, but he was handling them with great composure. Wasting no words on his opponents, he lifted a wooden stick off the ground with his foot, quickly catching it with his hands.

Swish. Swish.

The middle-aged man in the lead was carrying sharp-looking bamboo knives in his hands. As he approached Shi Mu, he wielded the knives in a cross and directly pushed them into Shi Mu’s chest viciously. Even though the bamboo knives were not made out of iron, their sharpness was capable of doing some serious damage if they caught their target.

A cold light flashed across Shi Mu’s eyes as he saw the knives. However, he only shook his wrist once, and six shadows emerged from the stick, which began dancing wildly in front of his enemies.

“Ah!”

The middle aged man let out a loud cry, unable to hide his astonishment.

He had to pull his bamboo knives back at lightning speed in order to avoid the wild dance of the shadows.

Whack. Whack.

Two clear sounds were heard as the man felt his hands shake violently. The pair of bamboo knives was splintered into pieces, accompanied by a strong pain that crept into his chest. Forced to take a step back, he nearly lost his footing in the process, and had to make an effort to prevent himself from falling to the ground.

At the sight, the other two men immediately thrust their spears into the air in front of Shi Mu. Another opponent shook his wrist, unleashing a slithering whip that looked like a ferocious python.

In the face of the attacks, Shi Mu let out a low shout and then waved his arms abruptly. He threw the wooden stick like a javelin, and a ‘boom’ sound was heard as the stick slammed into something.

The spearman had no time to resist the head-on collision of the tip of his wooden spear with Shi Mu’s stick. A wave of energy was sent up the spear towards the man, and the weapon was shattered into pieces. The man fell unconscious from the pain, with both of his hands bleeding.

At exactly the same time, Shi Mu stretched out his other arm. He instantly grasped the approaching whip with a gloved hand. All this was done so quickly that all his movements were nothing but a blur to the others watching the fight.

The man with the whip turned pale at the sight. Overcome with panic, he lashed wildly with the whip as he tried to take a step back. Shi Mu snorted at his attempt and pulled the tip of the whip gently. The pull made the man tremble uncontrollably, and he staggered forward like a drunk.

“No!” he cried.

However, it was too late for him to flee. Shi Mu was already at his side, having covered the whole distance in the blink of an eye. The next moment, Shi Mu struck him hard in the stomach. Before he could even realise it, the wind had been knocked out of him by an overwhelming force. He was left kneeling on the ground, almost unconscious.

Shi Mu did not let him go. In yet another quick movement, his body flew into the air like a dragon. He lunged forward with a kick, his leg sweeping his enemy, who cringed as the leg charged towards him. He was well aware that the impact of the kick might kill him, given the strength of his opponent. However, he had already been made defenceless after the previous attack.

“Stop! We admit our defeat,” at this time, a terrified voice pleaded with Shi Mu.

Shi Mu heard the request and held his attack, letting his kick pass right above the man’s head. A strong wind passed just above the man, leaving him paralyzed with fear.

Shi Mu looked at the pleading man after landing on the ground. Through the holes of his mask, he saw that the voice belonged to the middle-aged man, the leader of the Luan Shui gang.

The middle-aged man sighed with relief as he confirmed the spearman’s safety. He then made a placating gesture with clasped hands, as he smiled bitterly at Shi Mu.

“You really are the ‘Fierce Fists’! You must be one of the top martial disciples in Feng City, so why don’t you leave our gangs alone? We are only fighting for some bread, not for anything serious,” said the middle-aged man.

Shi Mu stood there without moving an inch, his eyes cold and his lips firm. It was then that Feng Li walked up and said: “Stop this nonsense! You must withdraw from the five streets immediately after today’s competition!”

“Ok, ok, we’ll withdraw from here as we cannot match up to the ‘Fierce Fists’. Let’s go!” the leader replied in a resolute manner and led his men off, having made a decision.

In less than a minute, no Luan Shui men could be seen around the nearby streets, which now belonged completely to the Black Foxes. The previously injured men in black were now jumping around in buoyant spirits.

Feng Li and Gao Yuan were also in high spirits and were quick to start working on the management of their newly obtained territories. The ‘Fierce Fists’ who was played by Shi Mu took this opportunity to disappear from everyone’s sight, keeping his enigmatic reputation intact.

Several days later, Shi Mu returned to his suburban manor with his new black armour, which was 5 kilograms heavier than the previous one. He was astonished to find the beautiful girl waiting in the middle of the square.

“Young master Shi, Miss Zhong arrived here two days ago. Since I had no way of contacting young master Shi, I had to ask her to stay here for a few nights,” said Zhang Suo, the manager of the manor. He had answered the unspoken question in a rather terrified voice.

The manager was fully aware of Shi Mu’s tricks, despite his young age.

However, this time he had put up the girl without asking for his master’s permission beforehand. He was worried that he had made a terrible mistake.

“It’s all right, you can go now. I’ll talk to Miss Zhong myself,” said Shi Mu, waving Zhong Suo away. He had properly prepared himself by then. Meanwhile, the girl stood there silently the entire time, with her head lowered.

Shi Mu made a gesture as Zhang Suo left, inviting the girl into his bedroom.

“Miss Zhong, why have you come here now? Is there something you wish to tell me?” Shi Mu turned to ask the girl in a rather serious manner.

“Young master Shi, please do not question me anymore. Are you in need of extra help here? If you are not averse to the idea, would you agree to let me work here as a servant?” Zhong Xiu said as she built the courage to look up at Shi Mu, biting her lips nervously.

“A servant girl? Miss Zhong, don’t talk nonsense. What happened to you at the Wu family? I recall that they were quite polite to you at that time. I would be very grateful if you told me what happened,” Shi Mu asked slowly, knitting his brows together.

“An ugly girl like me? What do you think happened to me at the Wu’s? They only let me in because they thought I had some special abilities. They refused to accept me once they became aware of my condition. I’m penniless now, so I had no option but to leave them as soon as possible. Should I have waited to be asked to leave? Believe me; I had no other place to go to in Feng City except here. Or I wouldn’t have had the audacity to return,” Zhong Xiu’s eyes shimmered with tears, her voice somewhat choking with sobs.

Could there be another young girl such as her? One who could keep her cool in the face of her father’s death, and her fiancé’s rejection?

“I see. It seems that your father was right. Well, don’t mention the servant deal again. You are welcome to stay here as you are. Although I wasn’t born with a lot of money, I can at least provide you with food, and a place to sleep. Also, don’t call me young master anymore, Brother Shi is fine. If you wish to leave someday, just write me a note before you do,” he said.

A last grain of stubbornness had still remained on the girl’s face, which reminded him of someone he used to hold dear. Moved by the sight, he decided to sweep the stubbornness away by persuading her with his answer.

“Thank you so much, Brother Shi!” said the girl, overwhelmed with surprise and joy. To show her gratitude, she made a gesture at the boy by gently pulling on her dress.

Shi Mu then called Zhang Suo again to arrange a separate, clean room for Zhong Xiu.

Meanwhile, at the Wu manor in Feng City, some men were plotting something against Zhong Xiu. The pale old man who had met Shi Mu at the gate was amongst them.

“Second brother, are you sure that Zhong Ming didn’t tell the secret to his daughter? If anything goes wrong, we will suffer a huge loss this time,” said an old man who seemed to be in his fifties. His features were similar to those of the pale old man, but he had a more imposing manner.

He was the current master of the house, the leader of the family, as well as the oldest of the three Wu brothers. Furthermore, he was also the only Hou Tian Warrior in his family.

“Eldest brother, if you don’t believe me, you should believe that tool. It didn’t respond to the girl at all, which proves that she has not yet awakened her blood. That being the case, there is no reason for a penniless girl to be married into our Wu Family. Although it is the Zhongs who sent us the tool, they would have died a hundred times if we hadn’t helped them repeatedly. So how does it matter if we cancel the engagement?” the pale man, Wu Feng, answered disapprovingly.

“Exactly, eldest uncle. I shall never marry that ugly girl. I’m taking a fancy to Jin Yu Zhen, one of the Jins,” the youth who was listening at their side interrupted grudgingly.

“Stop it, Hua Er! You are in no position here to interrupt your elders,” the pale man reprimanded his son with great severity. This shut the rude youth’s mouth, but he seemed to dislike it.

“Hua Er, your likes and dislikes cannot influence this decision. There is a possibility that the girl could bring us blood warrior grandchildren, even though her blood has not yet been awakened. Though there’s only a slim chance, I still consider it improper to let her go, Second Young Brother,” Wu Liang continued in an easy manner.

“If Hua Er has a problem with the girl’s looks, our Wu Xun wouldn’t mind taking her. So there’s no need to drive her away,” the third brother Wu Tong, who looked much younger than his other brothers, answered with a smile.



Chapter 13: The Art of the Blazing Spear and the Knives of Sun and Moon

“But Wu Xun was born slow and lame! Though Zhong Xiu is ugly, she is actually rather proud. She will be unwilling to marry him,” the pale man said, shaking his head.

“Unwilling? Do you think she can have her way in our house? I’ll make her aware of the consequences once she is in our hands,” Wu Tong sneered as he suggested.

“You don’t think I’ve thought of applying force? It’s just that the girl was not alone when she had arrived. A boy was with her when she came here, and I had him investigated. I found out that he has some relation with the Jin Family,” the pale man sighed.

“What? He’s a member of the Jin Family? Then we have no choice but to let him and the girl go this time. If this matter comes out in the open and the Jin Family gets involved, we may even lose ‘The Artefact’ to them. As for the ancestry of the Zhongs, they may have fabricated the fact that they had a blood warrior as an ancestor to enhance our image of them. Besides, even if they did once have a blood warrior in their family, there is no guarantee of another’s birth. We could just follow the secret method of using lots of herbs to test the presence of a blood in the girl. However, that could result in wastage of materials, and the Artefact is of more value to us,” the leader said, his attitude changing, visibly surprised by Shi Mu’s identity.

Of course, the pale old man had no objections with the final decision. The others then dealt with some other issues before leaving the hall.

“Father, who was that boy who escorted that ugly girl here? How is he related to the Jin Family?” the haughty boy could not resist asking his father after they had come to a different room.

“Oh, you mean that boy Shi Mu. Actually, he wasn’t directly born into the Jin Family, and is only a remote relative. His step-mother brought him into the family. You must make it a point to dodge her in every way possible,” the man said.

“His step-mother?” the arrogant boy asked, baffled.

“Yes, her name is Jin Zhen, and she is Jin Yu Zhen’s aunt. She is at the highest level in her family. In fact, she is as powerful as your eldest uncle. She usually keeps away from people’s attention, but she is the one who controls all the medicine business of the Jin Family. She has enormous power in the Family. Hua Er, why do you care so much about Shi Mu?” the man asked.

“I heard that the ugly girl went to Shi Mu after leaving our manor. I don’t have any interest in her at all, but it is a fact that we were engaged. Her being with another man brings a lot of shame upon me. Father, I want to teach that fellow a good lesson!” the arrogant boy said, snorting with resentment.

“Well, well, my darling son, it seems you’ve forgotten what I taught you earlier. You’ve been able to meet many Jin boys in your pursuit of Jin Yu Zhen, right? It may be inconvenient for our Wu Family to deal with Shi Mu, but it’s a different story if the Jins decide to take care of their own affairs. That way, it will have nothing to do with our family,” the pale old man said affectionately, offering his advice upon understanding his son’s intentions.

“Thanks father, I know what I should do next,” the boy said. His father’s instructions had left him in high spirits.

“You two lazy punks! A small sect was able to beat you in a flash!” a boy in white said coldly, mocking the two young men. He was standing on a fairly large practice ground. His eyes were fixed on the two men, who were slightly older than him.

The two young men were the same men who Shi Mu had beaten easily in the fight between the Black Fox and the Luan Shui gangs. One of the men stood with a spear in his hand and the other with a whip around his waist, and both were now wearing blue shirts. The two experts were in shock, and were facing the boy while sweating profusely.

“Brother Wang, how…how did you come to know about the fight?” the spearman stammered.

“Humph, had you planned to hide it from me? Had I not heard of your ‘feats’ from the others in the club, the club’s reputation would have continued to rot in secret,” the boy in white snorted as he questioned with a solemn face.

“Though we were defeated this time, we will take our revenge. Our plan is to polish our skills under the instructor’s guidance. Then we will challenge ‘Fierce Fists’ again, in order to save our club’s reputation,” the man with the whip answered using his quick wits. He then wiped the sweat from his forehead.

“So, you were really beaten that quickly? I want to know the details,” the boy in white asked, obviously interested in the mysterious opponent.

“Yes Brother Wang, this is how it went. We weren’t the first ones to fight the ‘Fierce Fists’. It was the leader of Luan Shui who…” the two young men hurriedly retold their account of the events of that night.

“So I escaped narrowly when Leader Yu gave up and pleaded with him. I wouldn’t have been standing here if he had kicked me.”

“So can this ‘Fierce Fists’ that you are talking about really crack your spear with a stick and pull Brother Li to his side with ease? He must have crossed level ten in Body Tempering. If that isn’t the case, then he must have been born with great strength. No wonder you two could not match him at all,” the boy in white said as he eased up on the two men, persuaded by the narration.

“That’s definitely true, younger brother. Nobody knows what he looks like in reality. He reached the top position as soon as he began fighting for the Black Fox. Although he had achieved a lot earlier as well, his skills seem to have gotten better in the past half year. He has even defeated the renowned Feng Jun of the Tian Lu club. He broke seven of his ribs with his bare fists, leaving him bedridden.”

Brother Li echoed the man’s words in a hurry.

“You mean ‘Fierce Fists’ succeeded in defeating even Feng Jun? He was almost enrolled into the Kai Yuan martial arts school last year! I am certain that he must have reached the tenth level in Body Tempering by now, and he has practiced the ‘Iron Skinned Demon’ Art. You mean to say that despite all of this, he was beaten badly enough for him to end up being bedridden? Now I’m even more interested in this mysterious boy!” the boy in white was no longer angry. On the contrary, he unexpectedly gave a hearty smile.

“So Brother Wang, you mean to…” the two young men were left rather stunned at his sudden change of attitude.

“I don’t care how you do it, but I want a face-to-face meeting with this boy. I want to have a good fight with him, to see if he can take my Blazing Spear,” the boy in white answered without hesitation.

“But…” the spearman said in doubt.

“Sure, we will definitely get you a face-to-face meeting with him,” Brother Li promised readily.

The boy in white left after Brother Li had answered to his satisfaction.

“Are we really going to call ‘Fierce Fists’ out?” the spearman anxiously asked his companion.

“Don’t you know Brother Wang well? He would have definitely beaten us had we not promised him what he wanted. Take it easy, all we have to do is deliver a message to one of the Luan Shui boys. It is not our business if ‘Fierce Fists’ shows up or not.”

“Ha! I was acting like a fool! If ‘Fierce Fists’ refuses, Brother Wang will definitely go to him personally. Then our defeat will be avenged,” the spearman said, suddenly understanding Brother Li’s intentions.

“That’s right. Although it belongs to an accomplished level, the ‘Art of the Blazing Spear’ is one of the few arts that can be mastered by a Martial Disciple. Even ‘Fierce Fists’ will stand no chance in front of that skill.”

The two men had their hopes up high at the thought of the idea, and left the club in elated spirits.

Meanwhile, the current ‘Fierce Fists’ was quite unaware of the approaching trouble.

However, Shi Mu wouldn’t have cared much even if the news had reached him. After all, such events had happened more than once in the half year that he had been playing the role of ‘Fierce Fists’. One such event had taken place when Feng Jun of Tian Lu club had challenged him, after being instigated by a gang. Shi Mu had smashed Feng Jun’s armor in three strikes, using his ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist. The challenger had been left bedridden for nearly a month.

His reason for taking up the role of ‘Fierce Fists’ was rather simple. As soon as he joined the Feng Liu club, Feng Li and Gao Yuan witnessed his accomplished ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist, which left them exceedingly amazed. The two took the opportunity to approach him and eventually succeeded in persuading Shi Mu to take the place of the recently deceased ‘Fierce Fists’. The previous ‘Fierce Fists’ had been the number one Martial Disciple in Black Fox gang and had just died of an illness. Shi Mu, hence, regularly began earning a huge amount of money by protecting the Black Fox gang against the threats of other gangs. This money helped him in affording the herbs for his frequent medicine baths.

At this moment, Shi Mu found himself in the city again. He was making his way to a worn-down street within Luan Shui’s territory. The street was a hundred meters long, and barely any business was taking place on either side of the bare street. Shi Mu visited the street despite this, and entered a blacksmith’s shop. He looked expectantly at a bronze skinned burly man. The man’s upper body was unclothed, and he was looking at an illustrated paper with his eyes wide open. He twisted his face after some time.

“What? Even Master Ma could not manage to make this pair of weapons?” Shi Mu asked anxiously as he studied the man’s knit eyebrows.

“The design is so delicate that it requires a lot of energy to make. But with more time and a step by step process, I believe I will be able to make it. The whole problem lies in the required material, which is cold iron. It is extremely rare, and I only have a small piece of it. Can I use other materials instead?” the burly man had to look up from his paper on hearing Shi Mu’s question, answering the boy after thinking for a while.

“Certainly not. This pair of Sun and Moon knives will be very useful to me. It is not that I’m expecting this weapon to cut through everything, but I expect that it won’t be destroyed by ordinary weapons. Alright, I will give you another five hundred silver notes to obtain more cold iron from other blacksmiths. I want the pair made accurately and without any flaws. You have one full month to make the weapons,” Shi Mu answered decisively.



Chapter 14: Wang Tian Hao

“Don’t worry; your money is safe here. You can come back for the weapons in a month,” the burly man promised confidently without thinking.

“Then I’ll rely on you, Master Ma,” responded Shi Mu, a smile playing on his lips. He removed a bulging bag of silver from his waist, and threw it in front of the blacksmith without hesitation.

Master Ma was no ordinary blacksmith, and he was the only person other than Feng Li and Gao Yuan who knew the true identity of ‘Fierce Fists’. Rumour had it that he was a distant relative of Gao Yuan, and was skilled at ironworking. He was rumoured to be more skilled at making weapons than most other blacksmiths in Feng City.

He had made the silver mask that was worn by ‘Fierce Fists’ with his own professional hands.

Because he believed in the blacksmith’s talents, Shi Mu made the payment in advance without any misgivings.

However, after paying such an exorbitant fee, he found that he had run out of money.

Shi Mu’s income included a small portion of money which he earned from his well-situated restaurant, Yuan Xiang. Its business had surged after he began to bring animals that he hunted on the nearby mountain. This ensured him an income of at least a hundred silver notes each month.

The other half of his income was gained by playing the role of ‘Fierce Fists’. As for the fields under his control, Shi Mu did not expect much revenue from them. This was because the managing of the manor amounted to almost all the rent collected.

It seemed that now he had no option but to resort to the thing that he had been planning for some time. Because he had recently enhanced ‘Gale Force Knife’ Art, he could now achieve seven cuts with one movement. Though it would prove difficult, he could now manage to shift the plan to an earlier date. To accomplish seven cuts in one movement was almost impossible for average Martial Disciples, and he recently had learnt the fact that it was next to impossible for any Martial Disciple to even manage six cuts in a movement. The blood mutation had not happened to his body in the past half year, the proof of which lay in his limited progress of achieving just one more cut in a movement. Even though he had spent a few months on it, he had not been able to make any more progress.

However, his progress was still far from ordinary, as it was enough to dwarf the average Martial Disciples. After all, even the instructor Li Cang Hai could only manage nine cuts with the aid of his real Qi.

After some time, Shi Mu left the blacksmith’s place as he continued to think about his plan. He spent half a day making purchases at some other shops in the city before finally returning to his temporary residence.

The moment he walked into the room, his expression changed. He briefly glanced out of the window in a relaxed manner, and then walked to the half-open window. As he fumbled with it, he found an object which turned out to be a paper ball.

Shi Mu was quite calm as he unfolded the paper dexterously. Then he began laughing delightedly.

“It seems like someone’s begging me to take their money,” he thought out loud.

Then, he stuffed the paper ball into his shirt, climbed into his bed and fell fast asleep.

He slept soundly and woke up refreshed at dusk. He took out a big parcel from under the bed and left his residence again.

One hour later, many of the Black Fox members were lying all over the ground in the backyard of the fairly well-known Tian Wang Temple in Feng City. They had nearly covered the entire yard. There was not even one of them who was not moaning and groaning in agony, not daring to pick up a single stick or knife from the great many weapons scattered around them. Even Feng Li and Gao Yuan had been taken down and were unable to move.

One of them had a bleeding mouth, and another was rolling in the dust. Both of them were gasping with astonishment at the boy, who stood before them, with a spear in his hands.

Though both the leaders of the Black Fox gang had heard the opponent’s name and were aware of his talents, they had still not expected his actual strength to be this great.

Although both leaders were quite accomplished in their Body Tempering, he had handled them both along with ten odd guards outside the yard, within the quarter of an hour.

“Wang Tian Hao, we barely had the chance to read your challenge note before you came here to fight. That’s not fair!” Gao Yuan could not resist protesting, even though his body was paining all over.

“Humph! It seems that you complain a lot! Well, you’re good enough at shouting. I’m sorry; I was in a bad mood this afternoon. So I decided that it would be better if I met your ‘Fierce Fists’ as soon as possible. Do you have a problem with that?” the boy in white, despite his graceful looks, answered in a cold and rude manner. He instantly lifted his foot to bash Gao Yuan’s head halfway into the ground.

Gao Yuan fearfully struggled to escape from under his foot, but his strength had abandoned him. He could only swear loudly.

The swear word made the boy stomp again heavily without hesitation, torturing Gao Yuan into a quiet anguish.

Feng Li was greatly angered by this, though still terrified. He tried very hard to get up and put up a desperate fight. However, before he could stand up, a black shadow whizzed toward the white-clothed boy at lightning speed.

The boy raised his eyebrows and lazily thrust forward with his spear, a weapon made out of refined iron.

“Bang!”

The black shadow exploded at the spear’s handle with a thunderous boom, sending many splinters shooting out in all directions. The black shadow which had destroyed the refined iron was a small, bowl sized stone. The force of the blow made the boy step back, with his arms trembling.

He then tilted his head to the side and narrowly avoided getting directly hit by another stone. The stone left a scratch mark on his cheek, and blood began trickling down.

“It’s you, the ‘Fierce Fists’!”

The boy in white said, showing no concern for his wound. On the contrary, his eyes shifted to the newcomer, a black-clothed man in a silver mask. His blood was racing with excitement.

“So you are the one who sent me the challenge note?” Shi Mu asked in a slow voice, after taking a look at the yard through the holes in his mask.

“Don’t you know who I am?” the white robed boy asked, somewhat surprised at Shi Mu’s lack of awareness.

“Why? Should I know you?”

As he glanced at the challenger’s spear, Shi Mu made his way to the middle of the yard. He used his foot to kick an iron knife and then caught it with his hand.

“Careful, Second Brother! This man is Wang Tian Hao. He is said to be the top Martial Disciple in the Feng City. He is a son of the Wangs, who are known to raise blood warriors!” Feng Li shouted his warning before anything could happen.

“Top Martial Disciple in Feng City! A Wang family blood warrior!” Shi Mu’s eyes lit up with surprise at the titles.

“Ha ha, I did not claim the title of the top Martial Disciple. It just so happens that I beat everyone who objected to the title. As far as the other title is concerned, it is true that I am one of the Wangs. However, I have not awakened my blood yet to become a blood warrior,” the boy in white smiled with pride.

Shi Mu’s face grew somewhat solemn at the answer. He couldn’t help but ask, “Excuse me, but then why do you trifle with such a small gang?”

“Ha ha… I wanted to challenge the strong member, of course. Why else would I do this? Since you have arrived, I’ll let these trash warriors go so I can save my energy. Let’s see if you can take my first attack!” Wang Tian Hao challenged with a loud laugh.

He then leapt up into the air, and shook his hands while grasping the spear. He attempted a sudden stab as he rushed towards Shi Mu. Shi Mu’s sight blurred for a moment before he saw that five glaring spear tips were charging directly at him.

Shi Mu snorted at the fierce attack. With a simple shake of his arms, his iron knife transformed into five black shadows that struck forward, and several “puff” sounds came out.

The five spear tips collided with the knife shadows, only to get smashed, and then disappear. However, this was not the end. A sixth spear tip appeared out of nowhere with a glitter of cold light, and slithered towards Shi Mu’s forehead like a snake.

This attack, whether due to its speed or angle, was entirely unexpected and caught Shi Mu off guard. He had no chance to defend himself with his iron knife, which he then had to throw away. He took a step back with a loud shout, and his arms surged forward with blurring speed.

A dull sound followed, leaving Wang Tian Hao shocked.

Shi Mu’s hands, which were clothed in black gloves, had gripped the tip of the spear tightly like two giant iron anvils. He had caught the spear half an inch away from his chest.

Wang Tian Hao sneered at the sight. As far as he was concerned, ‘Fierce Fists’ was an idiot if he believed that a single pair of hands could catch his spear. Before Shi Mu could make a move, he twisted the spear tightly, and pulled it back towards himself.

A loud buzz was heard as the boy found his refined-iron spear handle shaking violently. However, the tip remained pressed between Shi Mu’s hands without moving an inch. A burning pang crept up from the handle, stinging Wang Tian Hao’s palm. He took a cold breath, well aware of the fact that his own strength was stinging his skin.

At the other end of the spear, Shi Mu extended his fingers to tighten his hold on the tip with one hand. His other hand was clenched into a fist, and was striking at the handle heavily and rapidly. A clear sound was heard as the iron spear began to bend, its length of more than three meters being cut from the middle. Another strong force rushed up the handle towards Wang Tian Hao, welling up from his wrists and gushing onto his arms.

“Oh no, this guy is unnaturally strong!”

Though he was aware of the Fierce Fists’ great strength, it had never occurred to him that he could break iron with brute force.

He swore loudly, and then stomped heavily on the ground with one foot. He then shot backward, releasing the spear handle from his hand.

Boom!

The handle smashed hard onto the ground due to the brute force, creating a mud pit the size of a basin.

The boy in white steadied himself again on his feet. However, his face grew extremely embarrassed at the sight.

Peng!

Shi Mu threw the already bent iron handle onto the ground, which now appeared like a huge bow. He then strode over to his opponent.

“I give up! Your strength is unfathomable, and I no longer have my weapon. Now I understand what my seniors meant about your ten-fold strength. It is certain that I cannot defeat a muscular guy like you even with the full power of my Blazing Spear. But, in two to three months, it will be a different story altogether,” Wang Tian Hao laughed unexpectedly, brushing aside Shi Mu’s challenge.

“You started the fight, and now you want to stop it. Do you think you can always have the final say?” Shi Mu refused in a cold and low voice. He shook his shoulders, ready to teach him a lesson using his brutal fists.

“I’ll compensate you with money for wasting your time!”

The answer obviously stunned Shi Mu, as it was amusing and unexpected. Shi Mu could not believe his ears.

“I’ll pay you. Here’s a small bag of golden beans, and it should be more than enough to cover all of their medical expenses. But let’s make one thing clear. I’m not afraid of you, Fierce Fists! I just know that I don’t have the strength to beat you at the moment, and so it’s not worthwhile to fight you with all my strength. The top warrior in Feng City should not be seen covered in sweat.”

The boy in white leaned backward, and lifted his hand to throw out a palm sized cotton bag.

It was Shi Mu’s first encounter with such a narcissist, so he could only stare in mute amazement. Just then, the boy in white turned around and ran away at full speed, stomping in the middle to create a great force. This force enabled him to fly directly over the half a meter high wall.

His faint voice floated from the other side of the wall, “Ha ha. Fierce Fists, remember that I am Wang Tian Hao, the one who is destined to defeat you in the future.”

Then there was silence.



Chapter 15: Jin Yu Zhen

Feng Li managed to help Gao Yuan up from the ground. By then, Shi Mu had picked up the cotton bag and unclasped it to look inside. Seeing the contents, Shi Mu’s face displayed an obvious expression of satisfaction.

“Second Brother, it’s only because you arrived in time to help us that all my brothers didn’t suffer further at Wang Tian Hao’s hands,” Feng Li smiled bitterly at Shi Mu, his face contorted in pain.

“That’s right, we were lucky that Second Leader arrived in time.”

“Wang Tian Hao, that proud bastard! Two strikes by our Second Leader were enough to leave him begging for mercy.”

“Yeah, the title of Feng City’s Top Martial Disciple should belong to our Second Leader.”

Now back on their feet, all the other Black Fox members forgot about their aching bodies in their anxiousness to offer their flattery. An atmosphere of celebration surrounded each one of them, suggesting that their spirits had been doubly lifted.

After all, they had witnessed the defeat of the so-called top Martial Disciple in Feng City at the hands of their mysterious Second Leader. This obviously meant that as long as no accomplished warriors were involved, the Black Fox gang could rule over all the small gangs.

“Well, I’ve got other things to do. So let’s call it a day then,” Shi Mu said, unmoved by the rapturous crowd. He took his leave with a wave, without forgetting to stuff the bag into his shirt.

“Hold on, Second Brother. Third Brother and I still wish to have a word with you,” Feng Li called out to him hurriedly, upset by his sudden departure.

“You have more to talk about? Well, then I’ll stay a little longer,” Shi Mu promised readily, as he tilted his head and gave it some thought.

Feng Li was quite happy to hear this. He turned to his subordinates and said, “Go and deal with your wounds now.”

The Black Fox members were smart enough to realise that their three leaders were about to have an important discussion, so they began retiring one after another. Judging from the excitement on their faces, the scene of Shi Mu defeating Wang Tian Hao had left a deep imprint on their minds. It would definitely be circulated among their fellow members very soon.

“The two of you were really unkind to me this time. The opponent was extremely powerful, but you didn’t bother to inform me beforehand. Did you think that I wouldn’t come if I knew?” Shi Mu asked angrily.

“Brother Shi, please forgive us this time! We were definitely at fault, and we won’t let you go without compensating you for it,” Feng Li said, embarrassed at Shi Mu’s bluntness.

“But please do believe us Brother Shi. We had difficulties informing you about the details this time. We had guessed that some proud guy of the Jin gang had challenged us, and we didn’t know Wang Tian Hao would have anything to do with it. Moreover, Wang Tian Hao left us no time to investigate our opponent. We were caught completely unprepared,” Gao Yuan said, quickly providing a convincing logic.

“If that was the case, then it’s excusable. Otherwise, I would have really considered not working with your Black Fox gang anymore. Well, what did you both want to tell me?” Shi Mu nodded as he heard the explanation. The tension between the two parties seemed to ease a little bit.

“Thank you for your understanding. Brother Shi, is there a chance that we could have you as our real leader?” Feng Li first sighed with relief, then added with a solemn face.

The question did not come as a surprise to Shi Mu.

He asked lightly, “So you want me to take the position of the actual ‘Fierce Fists’, the Second Leader of the Black Fox?”

“Not the second, but the first. The real boss! Give me a nod and I’ll assemble all the boys together to hand over the top seat to you,” Feng Li readily answered Shi Mu.

“Big Brother Feng, that’s not what we had decided!” Gao Yuan was taken aback at such a rash promise.

“Third Brother, can’t you see that the Black Fox gang can survive without the two of us? But without Brother Shi’s help, it would be vanquished within a month by the other Feng City gangs. The territory of the Black Fox gang has grown four times its original size. Do you still think we will be able to manage such a big gang?” Feng Li delivered the truth with a forced smile, rendering Gao Yuan speechless. He was only able to resist in his heart.

“I’ll apologise only once. I’ve got no intentions of getting involved in gangs and I can only promise you my limited cooperation. Brother Feng, you are well aware of my ambition. I’ve devoted myself to the path of martial arts, and other things will only be a waste of my time,” Shi Mu refused after he had quietly considered the offer.

“Brother Shi, are you sure you don’t need more time to think about the offer? I know about your great ambition, but the problems you will encounter on the path to becoming a martial artist will exceed your imagination. But with just one nod you could have hundreds of fellows at your service, right now. Don’t you think that is a good bargain?” Feng Li said in a compelling tone. Although he was in despair, he tried his luck for the second time.

“That won’t tempt me, so you should just drop the idea. Also, the cooperation between us will come to an end as soon as I manage to acquire Qi-sensing,” Shi Mu shook his head resolutely and left.

Feng Li wanted to open his mouth, but did not say a word.

Gao Yuan was also silent.

Shi Mu did not immediately return home. Instead, he took off the Fierce Fists’ costume, packed it up and visited the Liu Feng Martial Arts Club.

He did not leave the club until after he had gone through another round of the devastating exercise of being struck with iron sticks at acupuncture points all over his body. Then he left for his city residence, sporting a contorted face and a bruised body, bearing insufferable pains.

As he limped on, he was unaware of the fact that two young girls were pointing at him from the third story of a flashy restaurant.

“Yu Huan, is that your elder step brother? He looks like a wretched cripple! Could some strong boys have bullied him in a club?” observed an attractive girl in a yellow blouse. A glamorously dressed girl of the same age was sitting opposite her.

“Stepbrother? He’s my father’s real son, so that makes him my blood brother!” the girl in the glamorous clothes retorted with a solemn face, obviously irritated by her companion’s remarks. She moved her eyes from Shi Mu’s passing figure. She was Shi Mu’s younger sister ‘Shi Yu Huan’, and though he had only met her once, but she was now readily defending him from condemnation.

“It’s the truth, but apart from the Seventh Aunt and you, nobody accepts him in our family. Judging from his presently tattered clothes, it doesn’t seem like he’s got the makings of a warrior, does he? It’s a pity that we are giving him our only Qi Ling pill then!” the girl in yellow replied haughtily.

“Humph. I know there is a ploy going on here, or why else would you be so nice to invite me here for dinner? It looks like someone’s been bought by Uncle Wu to persuade me,” Shi Yu Huan replied with a sardonic snort, perceiving her companion’s intentions.

“Cousin Yu Huan, you are wrong this time. Uncle Wu didn’t ask me to do this, his son Jin Tian did. He was certain that if you persuaded Shi Mu to give up the pill on his own initiative, your mother wouldn’t refuse. Besides, Shi Mu will be compensated properly for it,” the girl in yellow said, laughing proudly at the missed guess.

“Though I’ve only met Shi Mu once, I could sense that he wasn’t the kind to get easily persuaded. Moreover, my mother feels bad for his mother. She won’t let the Jin Family bully him, without taking any action. Go and tell Jin Tian to give up his schemes!” Shi Yu Huan answered bluntly.

“Well, alright. I’m only doing what I was paid to do. I’ll convey your words to Jin Tian,” the girl in the yellow blouse replied. She waved the topic off and didn’t mention it again, proving to be unexpectedly easy to handle.

“Judging from your temper, you won’t do so unless I pay you a huge amount of money,” Shi Yu Huan said, curling her lips. The different types of delicious dishes on the table failed to interest her.

“That’s for sure. Except me, who do you think he would turn to? I’m the closest to you in our family! By the way, did you notice my newly bought jade hairpin? What do you think of it?” Jin Yu Zhen said, changing the topic in high spirits. She didn’t really care about the aborted persuasion, and was happy to instead talk about an extremely exquisite jade hairpin, which she produced from her sleeve.

Shi Yu Huan was surprised to see the jade hairpin.

“That’s quite strange! If I remember correctly, you rarely buy any jewellery. You have always been proud of the beauty you were born with.”

“What’s so strange about it? There’s a saying, ‘A girl will doll herself up for him who loves her!’” Jin Yu Zhen said with a thin smile.

“For him who loves her? You don’t mean Wu Hua, do you?” Shi Yu Huan was stunned, her eyes were wide open.

“Wu Hua, that good-for-nothing stalker? How could that be possible? I am talking about Wang Tian Hao of the Jin Gang Club. He is the son of the Wangs, who are said to have blood warriors in their family!” Jin Yu Zhen answered without thinking.

“Wang Tian Hao, who is known for his accomplished art of the Blazing Spear? The one who is at level ten in Body Tempering, and is said to be the top Martial Disciple of Feng city? Is he going to visit our Jin Family?” Shi Yu Huan said, her eyes lighting up expectantly as she heard the name.

“Mind you, Shi Yu Huan! Wang Tian Hao is my target, don’t you think about competing with me!” Jin Yu Zhen became somewhat dejected on seeing her companion’s excitement, lacking in self-confidence.

“Nonsense! I just wish to see with my own eyes if the legendary Blazing Spear deserves his reputation. He is only able to retain his title because experts like us from the big clans don’t pick a fight with him. How else could he manage to get the title of the top Martial Disciple so easily?” Shi Yu Huan stared disapprovingly at her companion.

“You’re such a tomboy! Well, you can say whatever. But I know that Wang Tian Hao is brilliant. Besides, he has the blood of the Wang Family. This time, our grandfather has personally invited him to our manor, so he must have a marriage on his mind. Please don’t compete with me when he visits. By the way, are you certain that you want to take your brother’s side in this issue, no matter what happens? I’m afraid Jin Tian won’t give up the pill so easily,” said Jin Yu Zhen with a hearty smile. Her face lit up with happiness as she spoke about the upcoming marriage.

“Go and tell Jin Tian this. Even if Shi Mu has no skills, he is still my brother by blood. It’s okay if Jin Tian tries to acquire the pill through honest ways. But if he ever tries to devise any evil plans, I’ll break his legs right before the enrolment test to Kai Yuan Martial Arts School,” Shi Yu Huan’s delicate face turned cold as ice at her companion’s question.

Jin Yuzhen pursed her lips as she saw Shi Yu Huan’s stern face, who continued defending her brother’s honour.

Shi Mu was quite unaware that he had lessoned in his blood sister’s eyes. On returning to his residence, he immediately immersed himself in the boiling water of his medicine bath.

Covering his face with a hot towel and leaning against the basin’s edge, Shi Mu squeezed his eyes shut. He continued to thoroughly rehearse his long harboured plan once again, despite the disruptions in his thoughts.

“The golden hamster,” Shi Mu suddenly murmured to himself, breaking the silence.



Chapter 16: The Golden Hamster

Shi Mu trotted alone to the rolling mountains where he had previously hunted wild animals. He was carrying a huge parcel with him, which was about half the height of an average man. He climbed seven or eight hilltops without resting, and eventually found himself on the periphery of a bamboo forest. It seemed to be unusually verdant, shining with an emerald green lustre.

It took him a full hour to fully investigate the bamboo forest, spread across an area of about 17 acres. He put that huge parcel down gently only after he had found the traces left by his target. He then began fumbling to take out a rather small shovel and started digging a pit trap in the nearby ground.

Strangely enough, his movements of digging the pit were excessively cautious. It seemed as if he was afraid of attracting attention.

In this way he was able to finish the digging of a water jar sized pit only by noon. The pit was several meters in depth.

Shi Mu then took out some bottles and jars from the parcel, and dropped an unknown powder and some fluids into the pit. He covered the pit entirely with twigs, and added many bamboo leaves to the surface. He scattered some mud onto the pit, finally finishing his arrangement, having laid a delicate trap.

Shi Mu seemed quite content as he observed his arrangement from every angle, and a trace of a smile flashed across his face.

He had learned the arrangement of the trap as well as how to make the powder and fluids from “Zhong Gong Mi Dian”, which contained the secret arts of the Zhong clan. His confidence of conquering his target would have been low in the absence of these skills, despite his ability to manage seven cuts in one movement.

He gauged the time by looking up at the sun, high in the sky, and then fished out a paper ball without hesitating. There was mysterious golden coloured dough inside it.

Shi Mu emptied out the fluids contained in a small bottle.

Immediately, an overpowering and indescribable fragrance began wafting through the air.

“I hope that this secret bait recipe from the old hunter in the city will turn out to be useful. Otherwise, the thirty-two liang of silver I paid for this material would be a waste.”

Shi Mu murmured to himself as he shook his wrist, sending the golden dough down into the middle of the trap.

He then took out a black wooden knife and a rather large emerald green cloak to cover himself up. He threw the parcel behind a huge rock and walked back to his trap. He then lowered his body to the ground and lay flat beside the trap, becoming as still as he could be.

From a distance, the ground where the trap had been set up was completely flat, and nothing strange could be seen.

Shi Mu held his breath as he lay still on the ground, and the warm air that puffed out of his nostrils was thin enough to be invisible. He barely blinked his eyes as he stared hard at the bamboo wood. The information he had obtained flashed through his mind once more.

The golden hamster, also known as the medicine-hunting hamster, was a unique animal found only in Quan Zhou. It was a variation of the common piebald mountain mouse which would bite its brood siblings to death as soon as it was born. In its third month, golden fur would begin to appear on its back. After this, it would achieve the ability to find and take some herbs needed to advance to a higher level.

After a year, the golden hamster would reach its age of maturity, and its talent would be awakened. This would enable it to find rare herbs without any difficulty. Hence, it was considered that possessing a tamed golden hamster was equivalent to living with a born master of herbs, who could seek rare medicine. However, although it was worth an enormous amount of money, the hamster could rarely be found in the market. This was because few would be willing to sell their medicine-hunting masters, even if they did have one.

Shi Mu had found one by accident when he chased a wild fox all the way to the edge of the bamboo forest. He was overjoyed at finding one of these hugely famous animals of Quan Zhou.

However, he had been too cautious to take immediate action at that time.

Though the golden hamster did not belong to the rank of holy animals, it was still capable of deceiving many. It seemed to vanish into thin air by dashing at the speed of lightening, keeping its shadows invisible. Because of its inherent vigilance, it would be nearly impossible to catch it again if it wasn’t caught in the first attempt.

During this period, every time Shi Mu came to the hilltop to practice, he went out of his way to observe this gold hamster’s routine.

By now his progress had reached a point where he could do seven cuts in one movement, using his ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Knife’ Art. Moreover, he had also learned the trap, as well as the bait-making method from “Zhong Gong Mi Dian”. Therefore, he had finally made up his mind to putting his plan into action today.

At the time when Shi Mu was finishing laying out the trap to hunt the golden hamster, something else was happening inside the hall of the Jin Gang martial arts club in Feng City. A sandy-haired elder was angrily reproaching Wang Tian Hao, who stood in front of him.

“What tricks are you playing this time? I had asked you to find a girl to marry from the Jin Family, not to beat up and pick a fight with the youngsters of the Jin Family!”

“Uncle Xu, how could you blame me for beating them? Those guys asked me to instruct their arts themselves. It’s just that I lost some control of myself. But as far as their skills are concerned, no Jin other than Shi Yu Huan is capable of withstanding even my first strike. They turned out to be a pack of good-for-nothing idlers, wasting half of my day!” Wang Tian Hao stretched himself with a yawn, displaying an air of complete carelessness.

“You bastard, the Jin Family is Wang Family’s ally in Quan Zhou! Who told you to attack them instead of looking at their girls? Well, well, now I will have to clear up your mess myself by going to their manor to apologize to their head. From now on you are supposed to just stay here and practice your Blazing Spear. Before you accomplish the next stance of the Blazing Spear Art, you are confined to the club!” Elder Xu ordered as he stared at Wang Tian Hao with his eyes wide open. He found it rather difficult to handle his nephew.

“I don’t care about being confined at all. After all, the day of the competition is only half a month away. So I just need time to save my energy,” Wang Tian Hao answered in a cheerful and excited manner.

“Humph! I have no hope for you till you start paying attention,” Uncle Xu snorted.

“Why? Do you mean to say that there are other powerful people in the various clubs?” Wang Tian Hao said with his spirits highly elated, as he sensed some overtones in his uncle’s reprimand.

“You crazy kid! I guess you’d lose sleep if I refused to tell you,” he said, not sure whether to laugh or cry at his nephew’s response.

“Ha ha, Uncle Xu knows me so well,” Wang Tian Hao said demurely, his face now compliant and sweet.

“As far as I know, the Fei Hong club has this time asked a genius to help them recover from their misfortune of always coming last. It is said that although the guy is not a blood warrior, he has an innate body of ‘solid earth’,” Uncle Xu answered with a solemn face.

“The body of ‘solid earth’, also known for its defence force? Could that be the legendary body which is immune to bodily harm?” Wang Tian Hao asked, surprised.

“Ha ha. As you may know, it’s rather difficult to handle. Judging from your current skills, I don’t think your Blazing Spear will be able to break his defence,” Uncle Xu replied with a sneer.

“Maybe I won’t be able to break the defence of a ‘solid earth’ body, but I do know a Martial Disciple in our city who would definitely be able to. It will be worthwhile to watch the fight if he takes part in this competition,” Wang Tian Hao laughed heartily as something struck him, after pausing for a brief thought.

“Oh? Do you mean the ‘Fierce Fists’ you mentioned the other day?” Uncle Xu’s eyes now were alight with excitement.

“Exactly, I’ve witnessed his skills with my own eyes. The reach of his strength must be at least 500 kg, or there is no way he could snap the iron spear with his bare hands,” Wang Tian Hao answered without hesitation.

“Well, that does seem to be true, according to what you’ve told me. This ‘Fierce Fists’ could really confront the ‘solid earth’ body to a certain extent. But it’s a shame that competitors have to be Martial Disciples under the age of eighteen. If ‘Fierce Fists’ is already the leader of a small gang, he must be over eighteen,” Uncle Xu said, quite sure of his reasoning.

“That’s true. But if he turns out to be of my age, then I’ll definitely fight him with all my strength. Even if it is only for the title of the city’s top Martial Disciple,” Wang Tian Hao said in a proud tone, nodding his head.

Uncle Xu was speechless when he heard such an ambitious proclamation.

He was proud of his nephew in every aspect, except for his arrogance for Wang Tian Hao was always showing off.

Whiz! Whiz!

Seven black knife shadows rolled and vanished.

After smashing several invisible shadows of light yellow, the knife finally returned to its owner in the shadows.

“Creak.”

A little golden animal, the size of a fist, fell squeaking from mid-air and into the huge pit waiting below. The trap had already been half revealed.

Shi Mu was too overjoyed to hold his wooden knife when he saw that his sudden sneak attack had hit the target. He threw the knife into mid-air and grabbed it with one hand. He then threw out a huge silk net to cover the surface of the pit.

Peng!

As the little golden animal tried to dash out of the pit, it bumped against the silk net and was forced to drop down to the bottom again.

After about ten attempts, the golden animal’s jump grew powerless. And soon, no sound could be heard from the pit.

Shi Mu then approached the pit cautiously, and stole a quick glance inside it.

The little golden animal was now weak, and was no longer able to move its body as it was glued to the colourful fluids at the bottom.

Shi Mu’s mind relaxed at the sight, and he turned to a large nearby rock. He fumbled with his package to find an iron wire cage, and rushed with it to the pit in excitement.

However, he became pale at sight he saw upon turning around.

A blue robed man with a sword over his shoulder stood beside the pit, which nobody could’ve known about. The little golden animal was already in his hand, struggling fiercely. The man was rocking his head back and forth, observing it from every angle. The little one had to be the golden hamster which had earlier been glued unconscious to the bottom of the pit.

“Elder warrior, I believe that golden hamster is mine!” said Shi Mu politely, containing his anxiety with a deep breath. The sight of the golden hamster in the blue robed man’s hand made Shi Mu’s heart leap to his throat.

“Well, young boy, do you think I am a thief who would grab your prey?” said the blue robed man in a cold voice, as he turned his body.

Shi Mu could make out that the blue robed man was a Daoist priest, probably in his thirties. His eyebrows had grown out all the way to his temples, and his eyes were as sharp as a knife. His eyes displayed a fierce countenance which seemed to be murderous and brutal.

“A glance is enough for me to tell that this senior is an outstanding warrior. But I caught this golden hamster with all my effort,” thought Shi Mu, scarcely bracing himself to persuade the blue robed man. Just then, he suddenly felt an unusual and strange sense of coldness rushing onto his face. Immediately, he was frozen as though in ice, and his whole body was cold and numb.

The enigmatic blue-robed man had resorted to violent treachery in no time.

“The notorious Cold Sword, intending to kill a mere Martial Disciple for his treasure. I wonder if anyone would believe my story if I made it public.”

Shi Mu heard a heavenly melodious voice as he was frozen into stillness,

nearly falling unconscious.



Chapter 17: The Demon Witch of Tian Yin

A rustling sound came from the bamboo forest, and a young girl wandered out. She seemed to be fairy-like in her white dress, and could have been sixteen at most. She had a graceful and slender figure, and her breasts were bulging from her blouse. Her serene feet were as white as snow, and her dark hair tumbled down to her waist. She blinked her large bright eyes, flashing beautiful rays of light from them. Not a single man would have been able to resist the seductively amorous fragrance that emanated from her body.

The Daoist priest shouted harshly at the sight of the barefoot nymph-like girl, as if he had seen a hideous snake or scorpion. “The Demon Witch! I didn’t think you would still be tailing me! Do you really believe you can defeat my ‘cold sword’ with your witchcraft?” he asked, and in a flash he turned his one hand over his back or and gripped the handle of his long sword…

“Cold Sword, you should be clear about why I’m following you. Poor dear sister Lan Yun was so into you. How can you be so unconcerned while she lies under the ground, unable to rest in peace?” the beautiful girl said, blinking her clear and shining eyes as if they were heavenly streams. She walked slowly and steadily towards the middle-aged Daoist priest.

“You witch! I’ve told you a hundred times, Yun Er’s death has nothing to do with me. She died because our appointment venue’s location had been leaked,” the middle aged Daoist said, his face twisting with fierceness. He roared at the girl as he took out his sword, which began reflecting blue light.

“I don’t care whether you are being honest or not. You promised to live and die with Yun Er, so I’m only here to help you fulfil your oath. You don’t have to thank me,” the barefoot girl said this with a light smile. She raised her sleeves to reveal a short ruler, which was as white as jade.

The ruler was no more than fifteen centimetres in length and six in width, but wisps of white fog were coiling up around its surface, making it look extremely mysterious.

“The… the Legendary Ice Ruler! Isn’t that the ultimate weapon of your Tian Yin Sect? You’re a lunatic for stealing such a sacred weapon for the sake of a dead woman! Aren’t you afraid of the seniors of your sect? They’ll render you incapable of practicing martial arts once they find out!” the Daoist priest managed to stammer his weak threat. He had prepared to put up a desperate fight, but his expression froze at the sight of the ruler.

“Well, that’s not your business. Let’s not waste any more time. Now I will send you to meet Yun Er,” the barefoot girl gave him a faint smile as she shook her ruler slightly. Suddenly, the air around them stirred invisibly, and white fog rolled out of thin air. The fog quickly turned into white flowers from the swirl; the flowers seemed to be as big as bowls.

“Want to kill me? Stop dreaming!”

“Whiz”

In a flash, the Daoist priest unexpectedly flung the little animal at the girl. He stomped his foot hard on the ground, and shot backwards into mid-air. He then finally vanished into the dark woods, resembling a giant bird.

“Witch, I’ll make your theft of the Legendary Ice Ruler public. Let’s see what your sect will do to you,” the vile oath came from the woods. The last few words of the oath were faintly heard as the priest fled deep into the forest. It was obvious that he had already gone far away.

“What an idiotic man! A mere fake scared you out of your wits! But my Soul-Hunting Incense has caught you now. You will never be able to escape its power range. Oh, this golden hamster has opened its holy eyes!” the barefoot girl said.

She had lifted her slender fingers to catch the golden hamster with ease, and was about to ridicule the Daoist priest further when her eyes lit up with surprise. She lowered her head and looked briefly at the little animal in her hand, when something unexpected happened.

“Well, I was wondering why Cold Sword would grab a golden hamster without any kind of hesitation. It is a hamster with holy pupils, which will soon become a holy animal!” said the barefoot girl, withdrawing her jade ruler. She held the golden animal affectionately to her breast, stroking it tenderly.

The tiny green eyes of the mouse like golden animal trembled the whole time, but it didn’t dare to move its body as it was stroked by the ten slender fingers.

“Oh yes, there’s another little guy.”

After fussing over the golden hamster for a while, the barefoot girl suddenly found Shi Mu standing nearby.

His body was as still as ice, and was covered with a thin layer of white frost. He could only move his eyes, with which he was staring fixedly at the barefoot girl.

She giggled and wandered over to Shi Mu in an unhurried pace.

Shi Mu moved his eyes slowly and with difficulty, following the girl’s movements without looking away.

“Well that’s funny,” the barefoot girl smiled, her face showing a trace of interest. Suddenly, she deliberately began swinging her body from left to right.

Though he was unable to move his body, Shi Mu’s eyeballs began to move left and right to trace the girl’s movements. It was indeed a hilarious sight.

“Ha ha, that’s so funny!” the barefoot girl giggled demurely as she stopped in front of Shi Mu. The little animal was at her breast, and she was arching her back as if her stomach ached because of the laughter.

The girl laughed for a long time before she straightened her back again. She then raised her sleeves, and a puff of white fog rushed out and quickly seeped into Shi Mu’s body.

Then something surprising happened.

The layer of frost on Shi Mu’s body began to melt at a rapid speed, a process that the naked eye could follow clearly.

With a loud thud, Shi Mu fell down heavily into the mud. The impact was so hard that he couldn’t manage to raise his back, and could only slightly raise his head.

Then he saw a pair of slender feet which resembled lotus rhizomes. The ten toenails were painted bright red, as seductive as fresh petals.

“Beautiful?” the owner of the slender feet asked leisurely.

Shi Mu blushed deeply at the question, his whole face turning red. A sudden strength strangely began to grow inside him, enabling him to slowly rise from the ground. He then studied the extremely beautiful face, looking weirder than he could have ever imagined.

“Well little guy. You know, if you were two or three years older than you are right now and looked at me in this way, I’d have instantly gouged your eyes out,” the barefooted girl said as she rolled her beautiful eyes. The little animal at her breast gave out a horrified squeak.

“What’s your name?” Shi Mu finally opened his mouth to ask. Although his voice was somewhat husky, the girl was surprised to find that it was calm enough.

“You really think I’ll tell you?” the girl answered with a grin, after a moment’s surprise.

“I can only go to your family and propose to you once I know your name,” Shi Mu said as he fixed his eyes on the girl. His face displayed a small amount of passion.

“What, say that again? I didn’t quite hear you clearly,” the barefoot girl’s eyes were wide open as she asked in surprise. She assumed she had misheard him.

“I wish to ask you to be my wife. I shall make you my wife,” Shi Mu answered without hesitation, looking determined and resolute.

“What nonsense! Do you even know who I am or how old I am? How can you dare to say such a thing?” asked the barefoot girl. Although she had always been cruel and merciless with a shrewd and deep mind, the young man’s words had caught her off guard.

“Are you already engaged? Or are you in your forties or fifties?” Shi Mu asked, knitting his eyebrows.

“Of course not, and I’m only in my twenties. Wait, why should I tell you that… you…” the barefoot girl answered subconsciously at first, and then grew angry and shameful at her carelessness.

“In your twenties, and not yet engaged with anyone. That’s perfect. I don’t care what you are, because I fell in love with you at first sight. I’ll definitely make you my wife,” Shi Mu said earnestly as her answer put him at ease.

“Ha ha, you think you can marry me just because you like me? I wouldn’t agree even if a Hou Tian Warrior had asked me, let alone a mere Martial Disciple like you. Well, I am wasting my time speaking to you. Honestly, I don’t believe any man’s honey sweet words. I’ve decided not to marry anyone in my life,” the girl said, finally behaving like herself to a certain extent. She then giggled, avoiding Shi Mu’s fervent looks.

“My mother used to tell me that if I ever meet a girl I really like, I must tell her as soon as possible. This way I wouldn’t miss out on a perfect marriage. I, Shi Mu, vow in all seriousness to marry this girl in front of me, within my lifetime. If I ever go back on my word, I shall be pierced by ten thousand arrows and be chopped to death by axes,” Shi Mu said. His unblinking eyes never left the girl, and his hands were raised.

The deadly oath had been made.

A thunder boomed from the sky gratuitously just as Shi Mu finished his last words. No one knew whether it had been a coincidence or not.

The barefoot girl slightly parted her red lips, but was unable to utter even a single word. She gazed at Shi Mu with her beautiful eyes. After a long time had passed, she burst out into a charming laughter.

“That’s… so… so funny! Me! The Demon Witch of Tian Yin Sect is finally proposed to one day. That too, by a teenage boy! Good, good! I won’t let you say that I didn’t give you a chance. If you manage to become a Hou Tian Warrior before the age of thirty, then come for me in the Wan Long Mountains at the Tian Yin Sect. Only then will I tell you my real name. And take this, it’s your payment for the holy animal,” the girl said as she held her laughter. She straightened her back and threw a bottle at Shi Mu, then covered something with her sleeves.

Pu! A sound was heard.

Suddenly, a strong wind began blowing around them, and white clouds

emerged to lift the girl to a height of over 30 meters. She floated away in the faraway sky, leaving Shi Mu with only a faint and melodious last warning.

“I’ll tell you one more thing. The holy animal had been faking unconsciousness that time. If the Cold Sword had not caught it before it fled, you may really have returned empty handed.”

Only a split second had passed from the moment she had thrown the bottle to when she flew off with the animal. She left so soon that it seemed like she was fleeing from something.

“She really flew… The Demon Witch of Tian Yin…” Shi Mu murmured to himself, as he stood dumbstruck and at a loss for words. He was frozen looking in the direction where the girl had disappeared, looking into the distance for a long time.

He finally came to himself after a long time had passed. He smiled bitterly to himself as he glanced at the bottle and the trap he had earlier made.

“‘Try to steal a chicken, only to end up losing the rice’. That’s the saying, isn’t it? Hundreds of silver and the animal, all gone,” he said. However, he could not help but be curious about the contents of the bottle.

After all, an enigmatic girl like her could not have given him anything ordinary.

Shi Mu only gave it a brief thought before he opened the bottle, regarding it as his possession now. A spherical white coloured pill rolled out, swirling. It was as big as his thumb, and a silver light seemed to be glittering faintly on its surface.

“A Qi Ling pill!” Shi Mu cried out involuntarily, after he had studied the pill’s appearance.



Chapter 18: Climbing to the Next Level

This was the exact same Qi Ling pill that he had seen innumerable times in collections of martial arts illustrations!

Even then, he couldn’t believe his own eyes and continued to gape at it. He examined the pill thoroughly and then smelled it, causing a pungent smell to penetrate his nose immediately.

It really was a Qi Ling pill!

It was said that the market price of one pill was as high as 10000 liang of silver. However, someone had offered to pay 30000 liang for the pill in a black market trade, but was unable to find a source to buy from.

This indeed proved the generosity of the barefoot girl.

Naturally, overjoyed at the unexpected fortune, Shi Mu became more curious about the girl’s identity. He could now see that his oath of marrying her must have seemed delirious to the girl, like when a lazy toad wishes to eat swan meat.

The condition of reaching the level of Hou Tian Warrior before the age of thirty weighed heavily on his mind, as it would prove to be an exciting feat.

He knew that it would be next to impossible for him to become a Hou Tian Warrior before the age of thirty.

However, the girl made him throb with passion for the first time in his life. Moreover, his unchanging will would never let him back down from the formidable challenge.

Hence, it seemed that he could only proceed with small steps by abandoning unnecessary thoughts.

His present goal was to acquire Qi sensing before aiming to reach the level of a Hou Tian Warrior.

Shi Mu let out a sigh, finally purging himself of the disturbing thoughts. He then focussed his attention on the pill in his hand.

Coupled with the other Qi Ling pill promised by Aunt Zhen, this pill instilled him with quite a bit of confidence of being able to acquire Qi sensing.

Several days later, striking sounds roared like torrential rain in the closed room of Feng Liu Club’s backyard.

Shi Mu’s upper body was bare while he was doing a martial art squat, and Li Cang Hai was striking him with a stick in his hand. However, this time his skin was not becoming red or swollen like it used to. Instead, his skin looked overly pale. Each strike on his body made a strange droning sound, as if the stick had struck wood rather than a human body.

Shi Mu’s body had been struck countless number of times, but his face was surprisingly not contorted with pain. Instead, his features displayed an irresistible excitement. His mouth was open, and he was echoing the strikes with low shouts of his own.

Li Cang Hai had also taken his jacket off. He stood wearing only a short sleeved shirt, exposing the hard muscles all over his body. Sweat was dripping down his body as he continuously waved his stick, but refused to pause even for a brief second to wipe himself. His eyes were fixed on Shi Mu in a feverish excitement.

Boom!

A thunderous sound was heard as a strike fell on a particular acupuncture point on Shi Mu’s chest.

Shi Mu’s face flushed, as if a great deal of energy had been instilled in him by the strike. Everything returned to normal the next moment, but his face soon turned red again. This process was repeated another ten times or so, before crisp firecracker-like sounds began coming out from Shi Mu’s body. Simultaneously, the muscles on the surface of his body began to bulge and move like mice.

“Haha! That’s it! I’d never thought that someone could really manage to go through a half year’s torture to reach the eleventh level in Body Tempering,” Li Cang Hai burst out into laughter at the sight and threw away his stick.

“The credit goes to Instructor Li’s painstaking training!” Shi Mu answered with a deep breath, overjoyed at his achievement. The cracking sounds from his body stopped abruptly, and his muscles also instantly returned to their normal state.

He had finally reached the eleventh level in Body Tempering.

“Don’t thank me. I’m only doing what you have paid me for. But this has only worked out for you because you are a sturdy guy. Others would never be able to withstand the punishment,” Li Cang Hai waved off Shi Mu’s flattery.

“Anyway, I’m still thankful for your kind instruction. You have helped me reach the eleventh stage,” Shi Mu answered, smiling. He tried to move his arms and legs in order feel the change inside him.

“Well, if you really want to thank me, then win the championship taking place in a few days,” Li Cang Hai said in a straight forward tone.

“Ha ha, that should be easy. I’ll do my best,” Shi Mu said, smiling confidently.

The leader of the club was Feng Leng Chan, and he resembled a black bear in stature. He was happily greeting his guests along with one of the instructors from his club. Among the guests were Li Cang Hai and some other Feng Liu members.

Shi Mu and two other Martial Disciples were closely following Li Cang Hai, and a bulky fellow with a reddish face.

“Ha ha. Elder Brother Li and Brother Min, you’ve grown more energetic within months.”

“Well well, it seems that Leader Feng has also grown more robust in a very short time.”

“Haha. Brother Li, I guess you mean I’ve put on a lot of weight.”

“How dare I? Brother Feng is the actual leader among our four clubs. The other three leaders like me are only nominal, and are rarely seen on ordinary occasions. Right, has that fox Tian of Fei Hong Club and Old Wang of Jin Gang Club arrived yet?”

“Ha ha, Brother Tian will hit the roof if he hears that. Sure, the two have already arrived and are waiting at the competition venue. These are your three candidates?” Leng Feng Chan laughed like the Maitreya Buddha. Then his eyes focussed on Shi Mu and the two other Martial Disciples who he had seen performing quite well at their club before.

“However skilled they may be, they can still never compete with Nephew Feng. My guess is that this time either we, or Fei Hong will come last in the competition,” Li Cang Hai smiled faintly.

The big fellow with the reddish face only smiled briefly in reply, seeming like a man of few words.

“Brother Li, I’m afraid you are quite mistaken. It would be difficult for Fei Hong to come last even if they wanted to,” Leng Feng Chan said, smiling bitterly.

“Huh? What do you mean?” Li Cang Hai was really surprised, as was the reddish faced man.

“Brother Li, you should get better ways of obtaining more information in the future. Haven’t you heard of the newcomer in Fei Hong Club? He has the Body of ‘Solid Earth’,” Feng Leng Chan said, his face becoming serious.

“The Body of ‘Solid Earth’?” The red-faced man of Liu Feng Club could not help but open his mouth to ask in surprise.

“It seems that Fei Hong Club is ready for a desperate fight this time, and it is quite likely that they will win the tournament. That will make things difficult for us,” Li Cang Hai murmured to himself, silently estimating the odds of Shi Mu’s Stone-Breaking Fist defeating the Body of ‘Solid Earth’.

Meanwhile, Shi Mu was curiously studying the other two Martial Disciples at the gate of Tian Lu Club. The gate was way more imposing than the one at their club. It was covered with golden nails and flanked by a giant stone lion on either side. Leng Feng Chan invited them in after some small talk, and Shi Mu also followed them in through the gate.

After entering through the gate, a huge practice ground could be seen. A pre arranged ring made entirely out of thick round logs was placed in the middle of the ground for the martial art tournament. It was over a one-third of a meter in height and three meter in both length and width.

The entire practice ground was empty except for where about ten Martial Disciples were standing in three groups beside the ring. It was obvious that they were from the other three clubs.

“The three of you have to go and wait there. Instructor Tian and I will be with you in a while,” Li Cang Hai said briefly and then followed Feng Leng Chan to the wing-room behind the practice ground, along with the red-faced man.

“Shi Mu, Sun Jun, let’s go and steal a look at their skills,” suggested the eldest one among the three young men as soon as Li Cang Hai left. He smiled, and one could see that his body was quite athletic.

“We have already arrived for the tournament. It won’t be of any use to know their strengths now. This time, Brother Li and I have already reached the intermediate level in several Martial Disciple level skills, well in time before the tournament, so it makes sense for us to be here as candidates. But you are a new comer. Even if you have managed to reach the tenth level in Body Tempering, I’ve still never seen you perform your skills at our club. So how can I be sure that you’ll perform well in the tournament? I wonder why Instructor Li had to make up the number by adding you,” said the lanky man out of the three young men. He had obviously been nursing a grievance, which he now vented to Shi Mu.

“Ha ha. I did not want to take part in this myself. But I could not refuse when Instructor Li asked me to,” Shi Mu answered with ease, with a tinge of lethargy in his mannerism. He did not seem even a tiny bit angry at the reproach.

“You…”

“Sun Jun, do you want to make a fool of yourself in front of guys from the other clubs?” interrupted the young man whose family name was Li. He seemed rather displeased, and he decisively stopped the lanky fellow from saying more.

It seemed that the young Li held authority over Sun Jun, who snorted and stopped the attack at Shi Mu.

Then the three walked to the ring, looking at the others who stood nearby up and down.

“Well?”

After he had glanced at the groups of candidates who stood there, Shi Mu recognised a few faces. They belonged to the ones he had fought while playing the role of ‘Fierce Fists’. However, only two young men caught his attention. One of them was a tall young man surrounded by several Tian Lu youngsters. The other young man was wearing white clothes and was sitting cross legged on the ground by himself, scrubbing a dark black spear.

“Feng Jun, Wang Tian Hao!”

It only took a glance for Shi Mu to be able to tell who they were. The former had taken his fist three strikes with incredible endurance, while the latter had quit the fight after showing off his amazing spear skills. Both had left him with a lasting impression, but neither would be able to recognize Shi Mu because of his true appearance at the moment. They only cast a cursory glance at him as the three young men walked past them.

A young man with a pockmarked face wearing Fei Hong Club’s uniform came to greet the three young men.

“Li Yun Feng! So you Liu Feng fellows have finally arrived. Then it seems that it won’t be long before the tournament begins. I can’t wait to encounter your ‘Python-Bones’ Fist again!”

“Ha ha. Gu Zhong, I will definitely fight with all my strength if you are my opponent in the tournament. But I just heard from some instructors that you have a newcomer claiming to have the Body of ‘Solid Earth’. Is that true?” the young Li asked briefly, his eyes involuntarily scanning the other two Fei Hong Martial Disciples. One of them seemed like he was as old as Gu Zhong and had a puffy face, while the other looked like he was fourteen or fifteen. The second one seemed thin and weak, and had dark skin. He looked extremely inconspicuous with his ears sticking out and his chin like an ape’s.

“Ha ha. This is younger brother Jia. Since you met him in the last tournament, there is no need to introduce him. This one is younger brother Tie Dong, and he just joined us a month ago,” Gu Zhong paused at the question for a moment, then carried on with his introductions with a smile.

“Brother Li,” the puffy-faced young man greeted them with clenched fists. However, the boy named Tie Dong only rolled his eyes, acting completely indifferent to them.

Li Yun Feng’s face showed a bit of embarrassment at Tie Dong’s behaviour.

“Ah. Brother Li, younger brother Tie didn’t mean to offend you. He has grown up on an isolated island and is therefore quite a silent boy. Well, you should now introduce the two younger brothers behind you,” Gu Zhong smiled annoyingly, trying to ease the situation. He was talking to Li, but his attention was focussed on Shi Mu and Sun Jun, who were standing behind Li.



Chapter 19: The Body of ‘Solid Earth’

“Shi Mu? I’ve heard the name before. He’s the one who is said to have neared the tenth level in Body Tempering at the mere age of fifteen. Is this his older brother?” asked Gu Zhong, astonished at Shi Mu’s adult-like stature.

Although there weren’t many who could reach the intermediate level in Body Tempering before they turned twenty, a few did manage to do it at the age of eighteen or even nineteen. However, it would undoubtedly take a genius to reach the tenth level at merely fifteen. One could count these geniuses on one’s fingers throughout the city. This meant that these genius Martial Disciples must have a higher chance of acquiring Qi-sensing than the others, and would have a greater potential if they managed to become Hou Tian Warriors.

Thinking thus to himself, Gu Zhong immediately greeted Shi Mu with clasped fists.

“Ha ha, Brother Shi has achieved the tenth level at such an early age. You will definitely outshine the others in this competition,” he said, beaming with admiration.

“Thank you for your kind words,” Shi Mu greeted him back with clasped fists, smiling kindly.

“You have completed the tenth level?” the dark skinned Tie Dong unexpectedly shouted his question at Shi Mu. The ape like young man’s voice was harsh and grinding, as if it had not yet matured.

“Yes.” Shi Mu answered casually.

“Humph. I once fought a Martial Disciple of the eleventh level, and I exhausted him in the end. He fainted right in the ring. He was unable to break my Body of ‘Solid Earth’ until the last moment.”

“If that is the case, then I will definitely not be a match to you. It’s a pity that I may not be your opponent then,” Shi Mu only yawned in reply.

“Whoever my opponent may be, he will definitely shrink in front of my Body of ‘Solid Earth’,” Tie Dong asserted his forthcoming success clearly and proudly, before he turned and left. He did not glance at Sun Jun even once, who was standing right beside Shi Mu.

“Is he always so full of himself?” Sun Jun’s face became pale with rage as he unknowingly shouted in a loud voice.

“Ha ha, it’s… um…” stammered, Gu Zhong. Though he had always been skilled at peace-making, he was now at his wit’s end.

“Brother Gu, you should stop putting in a good word for the guy. To be frank, even our Feng Hong’s seniors hold some grudges against him. It’s just that some instructors think he is priceless, which is why we can’t help it. He may be full of himself, but his Body of ‘Solid Earth’ really does deserve its name. At least Brother Li and I will not be able to harm him at all,” the puffy faced younger brother Jia explained with a sardonic grin.

“Is the Body of ‘Solid Earth’ really that dreadful? Brother Li, if my memory serves me, your skilled ‘Water-Splashing Sword’ Art is the best when it comes to fighting hard outer skills,” said Li Yun Feng, surprised.

“Oh! You’ll understand the power of a Body of ‘Solid Earth’ if you meet the young man in the ring. Words can’t describe it,” Gu Zhong answered with a bitter smile, reluctant to continue the conversation.

“Humph. Even if the Body of ‘Solid Earth’ has such a dreadful defence, I don’t believe that Wang Tian Hao’s Blazing Spear would fail to find a way to conquer it!” Sun Jun sneered after a brief silence.

“It’ll be quite difficult to judge. In the last tournament, young master Wang Tian Hao defeated everyone from the four clubs with his just-learned Blazing Spear. Barely anyone was able to resist his skills. Now that one whole year has passed, Wang Tian Hao’s skills must have progressed greatly. Moreover, Wang Tian Hao seems to be the most aggressive guy here. I’ve heard that he would even beat the seniors of his own club mercilessly if any of them were to get in his way,” Gu Zhong shook his head vigorously in disapproval.

Sun Jun, Li Yun Feng and some others turned to look at Wang Tian Hao after Gu Zhong’s remark. However, Shi Mu stood still as if he had heard nothing, gazing at the thin dark boy not far away.

The young man in white scrubbing his spear seemed to feel the eyes on him, and so he suddenly lifted his head to meet their eyes. Li Yun Feng and the others were caught off guard as their look was returned. They looked away one after another, smiling embarrassedly.

The young man in white glanced at them with a stony face, and then fixed his eyes on Shi Mu. He stood up suddenly to walk towards them, with his spear thrown back over his shoulder.

“Wang… young master Wang, have you been well since we parted?” Gu Zhong was the first one to greet Wang Tian Hao among the stunned group.

“Who are you? Have we met before?” Wang Tian Hao asked bluntly, casting a cold eye at him.

Gu Zhong could not have been more embarrassed in this situation. Li Yun Feng and the others didn’t dare to speak a word. They stood there as the young man looked at them.

“What’s your name? Which club are you from?” Wang Tian Hao asked in a stone cold voice. His eyes rested again on Shi Mu, sizing him up and down closely. He then drew his iron spear slowly from his back, and pointed it at Shi Mu.

“Oh? Do you have some business with me?” Shi Mu frowned before he turned to look at young master Wang. His eyes were unusually calm and clear, showing no fluster at all.

“Have I met you before?” Wang Tian Hao looked at Shi Mu, narrowing his eyes.

“Absolutely not. This is the first time I’ve met the honourable young master,” Shi Mu said assuredly, his eyes not blinking even for a moment.

“Never? But you look so familiar to me!” Wang Tian Hao’s spear was still pointed at Shi Mu, and a trace of suspicion flashed across his face.

“Young master Wang, have you met younger brother Shi Mu at some place in the city?” Li Yun Feng finally opened his mouth with a nervous cough, but in his mind he felt as strange as Wang Tian Hao. He did have some knowledge of Shi Mu’s background, but he could not think of any relation between the two even after racking his mind. Gu Zhong and Sun Jun had no clue either, and could only wonder.

“Ha ha, alright. I might be mistaken. So your name’s Shi Mu, right? Good, I hope to have a good fight with you in the ring,” Wang Tian Hao burst into laughter after he had looked at Shi Mu’s unmoving face several times with narrowed eyes. After withdrawing his spear, he went away on his own.

Gu Zhong, Li Yun Feng, as well as other fellows were left gaping at each other after this incident.

No one knew what the top Martial Disciple’s act had meant.

“Brother Shi, do you know Wang Tian Hao?” Li Yun Feng could not help but blurt out his question.

“Certainly not… um… he’s not quite an acquaintance,” Shi Mu replied ambiguously, his hand stroking his chin.

“What? What do you mean by ‘not an acquaintance’?” Li Yun Feng’s asked, his eyes wide open in surprise. He suddenly had the feeling that this Shi Mu in front of him was a mysterious figure. Gu Zhong and the others felt the same way. However, they felt it improper to pursue the inquiry after seeing how uninterested Shi Mu looked.

“Senior Feng, did you see that? Wang Tian Hao just went up to the Liu Feng and Fei Hong guys and pointed his spear at them. But he returned after exchanging a few words. What trick is he playing?”

As the host for the competition, Tian Lu Club could offer more than three candidates. In fact, they had as many as seven or eight candidates. Feng Jun, who stood in the middle, was the most famous among them. He wore a scar on his face, and his eyes were fierce and malicious.

At the moment, Feng Jun was listening to his brothers’ talk, and simultaneously watching Wang Tian Hao’s movements with a ferocious glare in his eye. As the nephew of Tian Lu Club’s leader, he had learnt the brutal skill of the ‘Iron-Clothes’ Body, which was unique to the Tian Lu Club. He had also sharpened his ‘Black-Hands’ skill, which was a high level Martial Disciple skill. Therefore, though he had missed the chance to get enrolled into Kai Yuan Martial Arts School the last time, he had never once seen his peers as a match for his abilities. Moreover, he had defeated the other clubs to win the championship in the competition many times.

However, all his feats were rendered hollow when he had been defeated by Wang Tian Hao last year. Wang Tian Hao had beaten him with his spear without any difficulty, despite being many years junior to him. He had even stomped on his face inside the ring. The champion Feng Jun had never hated someone so bitterly. He had confined himself to the club for months after the defeat, so he could focus on exercising and therefore avenge himself. Although he challenged a strong Martial Disciple some time ago and got his Iron-Clothes Body badly beaten, it turned out to be lucky for him. His Iron-Clothes Body successfully reached the level of accomplishment because of a month’s rest. Hence he was quite confident that he would fight to the last round of the tournament and stomp on Wang Tian Hao’s face. However, the side of his face that had been stomped on felt feverish again when he saw Wang Tian Hao at Tian Lu Club, lowering his confidence slightly.

Thinking about this, Feng Jun finally sneered, “Are you sure that only the bastard with Body of ‘Solid Earth’ deserves due attention in this tournament? What about the other candidates from Fei Hong and Liu Feng club?”

“Senior Feng, please rest assured. We have asked around quite a few times, and the two clubs were originally much weaker than us. The only one you need to look out for is that Body of ‘Solid Earth’ guy, who our leader has mentioned as well. But even with the body, a bastard from a remote place can’t possibly possess skills of a high level. Senior has the Iron-Clothes Body which is not inferior to the Body of ‘Solid Earth’. Plus, you would exhaust that bastard to death with your skills in the tenth level of Body Tempering,” said another Tian Lu youngster, hurriedly offering his flattery.

“As long as that’s true, I could focus all my strength on dealing with Wang Tian Hao,” smiled Feng Jun murderously, stroking one side of his face.

As he said this, his newly recovered ribs felt a slight trace of uneasiness.

Just then, the door to the auxiliary room behind the practice ground was thrown open from one side. Amid bursts of laughter, Li Cang Hai and some other senior men from the four clubs strolled out. They were all talking cheerfully and humorously with the others, as if it was a reunion with old friends.

“Well, the competition among the four clubs officially begins now!” decisively proclaimed the leader of Tian Lu club, Feng Leng Chan, after he had glanced at the contestants.



Chapter 20: The Challenge

The practitioners from all the four clubs were thrilled to hear this. They stood around the ring as they waited for the signal.

Li Cang Hai and the other instructors approached the ring. Two strangers were among them, one of whom wielded a sword and armour, and carried a faint smile on his face. The other was an attractive woman who must have been in her thirties. Despite her beauty, she carried a cold aura around her. Both of them had been invited by the four clubs to judge the matches. The man was the field officer of the Feng City military, while the woman was a Hou Tian Warrior as well as the leader of a powerful underground party.

A moment later, Leng Feng Chan was standing in the ring, announcing the rules of the competition.

“The rules are the same as last time. The winning club will be announced after three rounds. In each round, a club will have one of its candidates issue a challenge to another club. The challenged club must then provide a candidate to take up the challenge. Candidates who have lost previously will not be allowed to proceed to the next round, while the winners will be able to participate in the next round. After three rounds, whichever club has the most candidates remaining will win the competition.”

Leng Feng Chan jumped down from the ring as soon as he had finished explaining the rules. The military officer walked up to the ring in an unhurried manner. He greeted the crowd with clasped fists, and stood there without saying anything.

Li Yun Feng’s mouth twitched a little when he heard the rules.

“Brother Li, do you have an opinion on the rules?” Shi Mu asked out of curiosity when he observed Li’s reaction.

“Brother Shi, this is the first time you are taking part in the competition. So it’s natural for you to be unaware of the problem. This three round framework of the competition benefits the club which has the most powerful candidates. Last time, Wang Tian Hao took up the challenge on behalf of the Jin Gang club. He ended up winning all the three rounds by himself because none of the other candidates could resist his attack,” Li Yun Feng said with a forced smile.

“I was wondering why the rules seemed so simple. Thank you for explaining this to me,” Shi Mu smiled knowingly at Li Yun Feng after a moment’s thought, as he began to understand the true meaning behind the rules.

Someone jumped into the ring just then, and began announcing his challenge in a loud voice, “I am Wu Ming from Tian Lu club. I’d like to see the techniques of the senior brothers from Liu Feng club.”

“Yun Feng, you go and accept his challenge. It shouldn’t be a problem for you since you beat this fellow last year as well,” the large red-faced young man ordered without turning his head.

“Instructor Li, don’t worry. I will beat this guy,” Li Yun Feng answered his instructor as he stopped his conversation with Shi Mu. He stood up straight in a stance which exuded self-confidence, and suddenly put his hands behind his waist. When he took them out again, they were clad in blue gloves. They made a crisp tingling sound like a little bell on being shaken even slightly; bronze pieces, the size of a thumb were placed on the surface of the gloves.

Li Yun Feng let out a fierce roar as he jumped into the ring. He drew two gleaming daggers and rushed straight at his opponent. The two met in the middle of the ring.

Li Yun Feng’s movements resembled that of a snake’s, and he attacked his opponent with his fists from different angles. The young man named Wu Ming was using his two delicate looking daggers to continuously jab at his opponent, making it hard for Li Yun Feng to reach him. From time to time their fists scraped against each other, producing sparks. The first round definitely turned out to be a good one.

“No! Wu Ming’s Air-Piercing Dagger has been polished to a great extent. I’m afraid Yun Feng may be at a disadvantage,” the red-faced man predicted after watching them for a while. His expression seemed to change slightly.

“That’s true. Wu Ming’s technique was only at the initial stage last year. It is hard to comprehend how he has reached such a high level in a single year. Besides, Yun Feng’s Python-Bones Fist is still short of perfection. It will be really hard to say if he can win this,” Li Cang Hai said, remarking on the uncertainty of Yun Feng’s victory.

As if to verify the remark, a sudden low shout came from the ring and the two figures in the ring suddenly separated. Wu Ming stumbled backward, with his hand pressed hard against his chest and his face dreadfully pale.

On the opposite side, two glaring daggers were pierced halfway into Li Yun Feng’s shoulders. It was obvious that he was unable to fight anymore.

“Winner of the first round is Tian Lu club!” the military officer stepped forward to announce the result from the ring.

Li Yun Feng left the ring reluctantly, after throwing a fierce look at Wu Ming.

The red-faced man approached Li Yun Feng and began examining the daggers that were sticking out of his shoulders. He then grasped them and quickly yanked them out in an instant. Two sprays of blood spurted out into the air and went up as high as a foot, before the bleeding stopped abruptly.

“Apply some medicine on the wounds and bind them up as soon as possible. You’ll be alright in a few days,” the red-faced man said with a sombre face.

Li Yun Feng was in great pain, and could only nod his thanks as he continued to sweat profusely.

By then, the ring had been occupied by a spear wielding young man of the Jin Gang club, asking to challenge the Tian Lu club. The latter offered a candidate from its fold. The two men then fought with knives in their hands, and the sounds of the metal clashing could be heard all over the competition hall.

After fighting for a while, the challenger from the Jin Gang club lost his weapon. His opponent threw his knife and sent it flying, and the challenger had no option but to admit his defeat and retire. The two successive victories boosted the Tian Lu club’s morale, and even Leng Feng Chan seemed radiant and content as he stroked his moustache.

A lot of small talk began to take place beneath the ring after the two fights.

“What more can be said? I’ve heard that there is a guy here with the Body of ‘Solid Earth’. Can you stop hiding and come out to face me?”

Just then a figure leaped up from the crowd, with his spear pointing behind him. He stood steadily in the ring, looking in the direction of the Fei Hong club.

This arrogant young man was Wang Tian Hao.

“This stupid boy! I’ve told him a thousand times to never blindly charge into a battle, but here he goes! He is challenging the Fei Hong guys in his first round!” A sandy-haired old man said. He was bemoaning the fact that he had been unable to stop his nephew, and seemed close to throwing a fit.

Meanwhile, the sudden challenge created a disturbance among the Fei Hong boys. Tie Dong, the thin dark boy was stirring, and his eyes were ablaze with violence. He was about to walk up to the ring when he was stopped by a long-bearded man, who grasped his shoulders and shook his head.

“Dong Er, there is no need for you to go at such an early time. It will be a waste of your energy, which might make it hard for you to last till the final round. Gu Zhong, you go and test if Wang Tian Hao’s Blazing Spear techniques have improved much,” the bearded man said.

Gu Zhong’s spirits dropped as he heard this, but he braced himself for the upcoming fight by drawing his sword and jumping into the ring.

“I’m asking for that bastard, not you,” Wang Tian Hao protested impatiently as he realised who was jumping into the ring.

“Please consider everything else after you have fought me, honourable young master,” Gu Zhong said. Though he had always been afraid of Wang Tian Hao, he was quite angered by his words. After emitting a low shout, he made his sword shake in his hand, causing a strong wind to swirl around it. This was the ‘Air-Piercing Sword’ he had been practising for years.

“Humph, you’re asking for trouble,” Wang Tian Hao said. His face grew sullen and he stuck his spear out bluntly. The tip of the spear began to vibrate rapidly, making it blur and then vanish entirely for an instant.

A loud noise was heard as a ball of fire as big as a bowl appeared at the tip of Wang Tian Hao’s spear. It then transformed into a red light and rushed forward at an unstoppable speed.

Boom! A deafening sound was heard as Gu Zhong was pushed down from the ring. He let out a shrill cry as his whole body was scorched from the force.

The fire ball continued to swirl for a while before dimming down. It turned out to be the tip of the spear, glaring with cold light. It was just surrounded by a ball of blazing fire which made it look rather mysterious.

“The Flame of the Blazing Spear!” the long-bearded man cried out, terrified at the sight. His feet moved involuntarily, and his figure immediately turned into a grey shadow. He then floated up into the air and caught the falling Gu Zhong in his arms.

While the long-bearded man steadied himself on his feet, it became clear that the burnt body in his arms belonged to Gu Zhong, whose shirt had been burnt down to ashes. His bare skin was visible, covered entirely with white blisters. It was a gruesome scene.

“Brother Xu, no one could have imagined that your nephew would have polished his Blazing Spear technique to such an extent! You’ve really caught us off guard, maybe you should consider warning us beforehand the next time?” the long-bearded man turned around to question Uncle Xu, confronting the older man in a stern voice, with Gu Zhong in his arms.

“You can’t blame me this time, because I had no idea that he had reached such a level. To me this seems absolutely impossible. Only Hou Tian Warriors can use that powerful technique,” Uncle Xu of the Jin Gang club answered without thinking, looking amazed.

“I will not forget this,” the long-bearded man said as he stomped away in anger. However, the only thing he could do was send Gu Zhong to a quiet medical room for treatment.

Meanwhile, instructors of all the other clubs were casting terrified glances at Wang Tian Hao, as if they were looking at a monster with sharp fangs. Their eyes seemed to say, “This is absolutely impossible.”

“That’s impossible! How can someone accomplish the Flame of the Blazing Spear at the Martial Disciple level? Now we have no option left but defeat. No one at the Martial Disciple level can take that attack,” Li Cang Hai murmured to himself with a sullen face, obviously at his wits’ end.

“Haha, now that Wang Tian Hao has accomplished the flame of the Blazing Spear, it’ll be easy for him to get enrolled into the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. As far as I can tell, we will certainly win the championship. There is no need to fight anymore. Of course, anyone who is unconvinced can come up to challenge us. If Tian Hao loses any challenge, we, the Jin Gang club, will back down from this year’s competition and gladly come in last,” Uncle Xu declared with utmost confidence after he jumped directly into the ring. He nodded at the officer, who was completely dumbstruck by this proclamation.

Leng Feng Chan and the other instructors of the three clubs stood gaping at each other in astonishment as they heard this.

Then, Tie Dong’s voice was heard.

“Humph! Winning without first fighting me? That’s wishful thinking!” he said as he stood up, ready to rush inside the ring. His words were dripping with confidence and anger, and managed to conceal his shock at Wang Tian Hao’s Blazing Spear.

“Stop it, Dong Er! I know your Body of ‘Solid Earth’ is excellent, but it will not be able to withstand even a single strike of the Blazing Spear,” the long-bearded man held up a hand to stop him.

His words made an immediate impact on Tie Dong’s confidence. Though the young man had been wild and intractable, the long bearded man held a lot of authority in his eyes. After all, he had been the one to bring Tie Dong to Feng City from his remote island.

Meanwhile, a pale faced Feng Jun clenched his fists tightly as he continued to stand on the other side of the ring. His nails were digging deep into his palms, but he didn’t dare speak a word.

“It’s your turn, Shi Mu. Come! I have observed all of them and only you have the strength to fight me,” Wang Tian Hao said as his eyes found Shi Mu in the crowd, his indifference giving way to a mystifying smile.



Chapter 21: Six Cuts in One Breath

Wang Tian Hao’s words caused a commotion around the ring. Regardless of whether they knew Shi Mu or not, everyone began to look in the Liu Feng club’s direction for it seemed strange that Wang Tian Hao regarded someone as worthy of fighting him.

“Who is this Shi Mu?”

“I remember the name faintly. I think it’s that new guy from the Liu Feng club. I have heard he has reached the tenth level in Body Tempering at a very young age. He may be highly likely to go on to become a Hou Tian Warrior.”

“That’s strange. Why would Wang Tian Hao challenge anyone when he is so skilled in his own techniques? He will win regardless of who his opponent is!”

“What? Someone from the Liu Feng club has managed to attract Wang Tian Hao’s attention?”

“Wang Tian Hao knew of Brother Shi?”

Everyone then began to conjecture why Wang Tian Hao was challenging an unknown person.

“Shi Mu, have you met Wang Tian Hao before?” Li Cang Hai turned his head to ask Shi Mu. He too, was quite taken aback.

“I fought with him once. But we didn’t fight till the end, so I can’t say who’s better,” Shi Mu answered calmly, though surprised at Wang Tian Hao’s open challenge.

“Oh, so that’s the reason! However, I’m afraid you don’t have much of a chance to win. You might have had a chance when you fought him earlier, but he has become too strong now. It’s alright if you refuse to accept the challenge,” Li Cang Hai said persuasively with his eyebrows knitted closely together.

“Don’t worry instructor Li, I just want to compare my techniques with his’. It doesn’t matter who wins,” Shi Mu unexpectedly smiled as he glanced at Wang Tian Hao.

“I will not stop you since you’ve made up your mind. Just remember that his ‘spear’ art is at a very high level. Though, if you wish to have even the slightest chance of winning, you’ll need to get close enough to him in order to prevent him from using his spear.

“In fact, you will lose in an instant if you can’t manage to evade his ‘Flame of the Blazing Spear’ attack,” Li Cang Hai smiled encouragingly at him after a moment, allowing him to accept the challenge.

Sun Jun and Li Yun Feng gaped at each other, as they overheard the conversation. The red-faced Instructor Min was also giving the master-disciple duo a curious look.

Shi Mu nodded obediently and walked up to the ring. He then leaped off the ground and jumped directly into the ring. Although Uncle Xu was quite surprised himself, he had no choice but to leave the ring in order to make room for the two fighters.

“Are you really the ‘Fierce Fists’?” Wang Tian Hao asked in an accusing voice as he narrowed his eyes at Shi Mu.

“Never heard of him,” Shi Mu replied and blinked his eyes.

“Humph, you’re hiding your identity even now? You are such a disappointment to me!” Wang Tian Hao said. Shi Mu’s denial seemed to make him lose interest.

“Am I? I’m quite curious now. How can you be so sure about my identity?” Shi Mu asked as he lazily drew out a long knife from his waist.

“Humph, everyone knows about my memory. I never forget anything I see. I know these eyes and this figure! It doesn’t matter that you had been wearing a mask. My eyes must be rotten if I am wrong. Anyway, no more nonsense! Take my Blazing Spear! I’ll defeat you in front of everyone here, making sure they all know that I’m the best Martial Disciple in this city!” Wang Tian Hao said impatiently.

He then began to shake his spear, and the upper part of the weapon vanished in a flash. A flame appeared the next moment, floating in the air. After a tremble, it transformed into a ball of red light and darted right in Shi Mu’s direction.

Shi Mu just narrowed his eyes as he turned around to face the light. He only had one knife, but it projected four hard shadows into the air. The shadows converged on the blaze as Shi Mu leaped off the ground and rushed backwards.

Boom! A thunderous noise was heard.

The blaze was split into sparks, which instantly dispersed in all directions. The falling sparks created a huge umbrella as high as twenty feet. If Shi Mu hadn’t taken a step back a moment earlier, he would’ve ended up in the same condition as Gu Zhong.

However, even then, the ring became unbearably hot.

Before Shi Mu could land properly on the ground, a glaring spear tip whizzed out of the rain of sparks towards him. Faced with the vicious viper-like spear attack, Shi Mu lifted his free arm and clenched his fist, and strongly punched the incoming spear’s tip.

Peng! It seemed as if the fist’s covering flesh was made of iron since its immense strength and rigidity forced the spear to go backwards towards its owner.

Wang Tian Hao’s colour changed, and he subconsciously clenched the handle to steady himself. However, the force knocked his body backward, and his originally successful attacks were broken in an instant.

Seizing the opportunity, Shi Mu rushed forward with his long knife at a lightning speed.

Boom!

Wang Tian Hao resisted the attack with his spear, and surprisingly was able to stop the lightning fast knife. However, the attack made him take a few steps back, and he found that his feet were already pressed against the edge of the ring.

“Excellent! Excellent! That’s exactly what I need for inspiring my blood! This is exactly my match!” Wang Tian Hao laughed to everyone’s surprise. He then suddenly grabbed the upper body of the spear with a single hand.

Whiz!

The spear, which was supposed to be made of black iron, started slithering like a snake; it began twisting in circles to stab Shi Mu’ chest. Shi Mu looked quite serious as he lifted his arms and gave the spear’s tip another good punch.

A dull sound was heard since the dazzling tip was beaten yet again. However, it turned out that this was exactly what Wang Tian Hao had been waiting for. He slid forward like a fish along the ring’s edge in order to evade the punch. After a mysterious shaking of his feet, he quickly reached Shi Mu’s back.

“The Leaping Fish Steps?”

“Wow, you have good eyes. This is a Martial Disciple level body technique, as well as a secret technique of our Wang Family. It has been handed down from our ancestors, and is rarely seen in ordinary clubs. You should be proud that you have forced me to use this technique, and it’s only because I wish to defeat you even more now,” Wang Tian Hao said, looking at Shi Mu with growing excitement in his eyes.

“You want to defeat me? Can you actually do what you wish?” Shi Mu rolled his eyes in contempt at the proud proclamation. A single movement of his arms sent cold lights rolling toward his opponent. He then used his ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force’ Art to the best of his ability, with each cut emitting cold light, creating an aura of invincibility around him.

Meanwhile, Wang Tian Hao roared fiercely and shook his spear. The weapon turned into a viper that began to dance around Shi Mu. He roamed around the ring as he fended-off all the ‘knife’ shadows with the help of his ‘Leaping Fish Steps’.

“Don’t you have any more tricks? Try them!” Wang Tian Hao laughed wildly.

Provoked by his words, Shi Mu shook his knife even more quickly. His eyes became sharp as each cut produced five or six shadows, and gradually a glaring light began to show on each of the blade’s shadows. Wang Tian Hao’s figure was completely overrun by the shadows by now. Hence, he produced more sparks by trying to put up a desperate defence. However, despite his attempts to use another technique, he was unable to attack and could only defend.

“Six Cuts in One Breath,” the red-faced Instructor Min blurted out the name of the technique.

“Brother Li, Shi Mu has reached this high a level in your ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade’ Art! He’s got great talent, why didn’t you tell me about him earlier? I would have used up all our resources for his cultivation!”

“I just found out myself! The boy has done all of this by himself. I thought he was just at the initial stage!” Li Cang Hai seemed stunned after seeing the events inside the ring.

The long-bearded man, Uncle Xu, and all the other instructors seemed to be amazed at Shi Mu’s ‘Six Cuts in One Breath’ technique as well. All the other Practitioners stood completely still with their mouths wide open in astonishment.

Boom! Another blazing ball of fire exploded in the ring, and the sparks were now breaking through the cold blade like lights. After a bright flash, Wang Tian Hao rushed out from the sparks and turned around. He sent the body of his spear forward, which trembled and vanished again. Six puffs of red flame appeared and started floating in front of his chest.

“Haha, excellent. Six Cuts in One Breath! But I will only accept defeat and retire from the match if you survive the successive attacks of six fire balls,” Wang Tian Hao finished saying, and then let out a loud cry.

He clenched his spear and twisted it with all his strength. He then charged directly towards Shi Mu at such a fast speed that he almost flew off the ground.

The six fire balls were revolving smoothly in the air, moving in an incredibly mystifying manner. Suddenly, they tumbled down onto Shi Mu’s body. He was still trying to understand the attack when the fire balls started to fall.



Chapter 22: Crushed!

“The Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade! Seven Cuts in One Breath!”

Shi Mu’s body suddenly began revolving wildly like a gyroscope. The long knife in his hand created shadows one after another, stretching and morphing. Each time he moved the knife, it created seven shadows. Eventually, a miniature mountain was created through the shadows, which emitted shrill sounds every now and then.

However, the mountain was not made of stones, but of deadly gleaming blades.

Wang Tian Hao’s six fireballs disappeared into the mountain at the speed of shooting stars. Immediately afterwards, six ‘booming’ sounds exploded from the mountain. A violent and heavy rain of sparks sprayed in all directions, heating up the entire room.

Simultaneously, whizzing noises were heard on the floor of the ring as hundreds of blade marks were cut into the floor. This was the same spot where that mountain of blades had exploded. Each mark was three inches, both in depth and length, creating a huge circle that appeared to have been carved by a ruler.

Peng! A deafening noise was heard.

As though rammed by an invisible burst of energy, Wang Tian Hao tipped over in mid-air and then thudded down onto the floor. Unable to steady himself, he stumbled and took seven steps back. He left a trail of seven, half-inch deep, footprints on the floor.

His face turned ashen once he finally managed to come to a stop. His hands couldn’t stop trembling, and he was barely managing to hold his spear now. The front end of the spear, which used to look imposing, had now had either vanished, or had melted away because of the heat.

All the instructors below stared at the lower portion of that melting mountain of blades without blinking their eyes. Disciples, including Feng Jun, were even more shocked than their instructors; in fact, some were even holding their breaths.

After the last shadow from his knife had faded from the ring, Shi Mu’s silhouette suddenly became visible. He was standing straight, holding his knife with a single hand. The only thing that seemed unusual was that, he was blushing from the heat while his shoulders and hair were slightly burnt. His knife had many notches on its edge, as if it had been struck repeatedly by something hard.

However, Shi Mu clearly knew why his knife had all these notches. It had gone out of control at the impact of the fireballs, and thus had cut directly into the floor. This had pocketed the edge, and was also the reason why there were numerous knife marks around him.

“I can’t believe you took my six fireballs head-on!” Wang Tian Hao exclaimed in disbelief as he observed Shi Mu’s body closely, unable to fathom that Shi Mu had escaped unharmed.

“It’s all because of my advanced blade art. Otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to defend your last strike,” Shi Mu said, without looking triumphant. On the contrary, at this moment he actually had some reverence for Wang Tian Hao.

“Seven Cuts in One Breath! My defeat was certain since you have progressed this much in your ‘Gale Force Blade’ Art. But the spear I used in this match was made out of ordinary iron and not a refined one, which is why it couldn’t withstand my overwhelming flames. If I had used a refined one, then you wouldn’t have come out of the match safe and sound. But I won’t break my promise. I’ll retire from the match since you’ve managed to resist my attacks,” Wang Tian Hao said in a grudging tone after letting out a sigh. He then jumped out of the ring as promised, and went straight for the gate of the hall.

“Hold on for a moment, Tian Hao! Please excuse me,” Uncle Xu chased after his nephew after a hasty goodbye. Flustered by the scene, and he hurried away, leaving the other Jin Gang members behind.

The other instructors and disciples were left staring at each other as they saw this; it was surprising enough for Shi Mu to have accomplished his Seven Cuts in One Breath, but the result of the challenge had astonished them even more so!

“Wow… Liu Feng club wins! Shi Mu wins! A young hero indeed! But as explained earlier, little brother Shi now has two choices. He can either choose for the fight to be deemed as a winning challenge against Jin Gang club, in which case he can retire now and fight later in the next round. Or, he can remain in the ring and wait for the next challenge from the other clubs’ disciples. If no one can defeat him, then Liu Feng club will naturally come first in this year’s competition,” the military officer announced the result as he stepped into the ring again. He then began to measure Shi Mu from head to toe in a very surprised manner.

This result had obviously created a commotion around the ring.

Although most of the disciples were impressed with Shi Mu’s earlier performance, they were well aware that he had lost his energy after that bitter fight. Furthermore, even though Shi Mu wasn’t badly injured, his strength would not last for long in the next fight, especially since his weapon had been ruined in his previous fight. Moreover, the conventional rule stated that if Shi Mu decided to take the next challenge without a rest, he would be denied the chance to have a new weapon.

A few instructors, including Feng Leng Chan, grew upset when they heard this.

“Brother Li, you should ask Shi Mu to come back and rest for a bit. If he can get a new weapon, we, the Liu Feng club, will definitely win the competition,” the red-faced instructor Min hurriedly urged Li Cang Hai to call Shi Mu back. He was the one to finally perceive the difficulty of the choice.

“There is no need. I know this little guy better than anyone else. Right now, he will not listen even if he is commanded to retire,” Li Cang Hai took a deep breath and smiled bitterly.

Just then, Shi Mu replied without hesitation, “Since I’m already here, I won’t quit until I’m defeated.”

“Well then, the challenge shall proceed,” the officer nodded with a look of approval.

The disciples below began to mutter to each other. Because of the condition he was in, no one dared to challenge him since winning such a match would earn dark looks from people, and they would say, “You just took advantage of Shi Mu’s state.” This was an embarrassing prospect which made most of them flinch.

Li Yun Feng and Sun Jun exchanged a look of astonishment, gaping at each other, as if daydreaming.

“Ha ha, then let me have the honour of seeing Brother Shi’s techniques,” Feng Jun said as he made his way through the crowd. He sneered and leaped into the ring, stretching his arms and pulling them back to his sides. His fists were now clad in a pair of black iron gloves! The knuckles were fixed with fine steel so that he could move his fingers freely as he willed.

“Fist art? Good, I was hoping to fight with my fists as well,” Shi Mu narrowed his eyes.

“Such a coincidence! I have practised the ‘Wind-Blowing’ Fists, and I…”

“Humph, stop talking and start fighting! Here, take my first punch,” Shi Mu said as he snorted coldly and moved. He stretched out his arms in a blur, and smashed at his opponent.

Feng Jun was enraged by Shi Mu’s sudden move. He wielded his arms bluntly, welcoming the incoming fists with his two iron gloves.

He punched at Shi Mu’s two bare fists.

Crack! Crack! Two crisp sounds were heard.

Feng Jun was left screaming in agony, with his body being pushed back at an overwhelming speed. After colliding with Shi Mu’s fists, the black gloves had expanded like a cloud of smoke. Subsequently, the two gloves exploded like confetti, exposing his bleeding hands underneath.

“The accomplished level! You must have reached the accomplished level in the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist!” Feng Jun cried out shrilly in astonishment, as if he had seen a horrible monster.

However, Shi Mu continued to pursue his prey, and lowered his body as he approached Feng Jun. He then punched Feng Jun while his fierce movements stirred up strong winds.

“Iron Body!”

Feng Jun’s hands were already badly mutilated, and were completely defenceless in the face of the in-coming fist attacks. He had no option but to howl and squat. Suddenly, the part of his body that wasn’t covered by clothes began to turn blackish grey. In an instant, it looked as if he was wearing heavy black armour!

Boom!

This time Shi Mu pounded Feng Jun’s stomach heavily, and the blackish grey skin vanished in the blink of an eye. Feng Jun’s body was sent flying backwards for five feet, which then slammed into the ground, stirring up a large amount of dust.

The hall became so silent that one could hear a pin drop.



Chapter 23: The Top Martial Disciple

Feng Jun stumbled over the edge of the ring, and with much difficulty managed to steady himself. Just as he was about to speak, blood gushed out from his mouth and his whole body dropped to the ground with a loud ‘thud’.

“Jun Er! You guys quickly take him to the treatment room at the back!” a figure ordered as he immediately dashed to Feng Jun and stuffed a pill into his mouth. He seemed to be burning in a frenzy of rage as he gave his orders.

This man, who was checking up on Feng Jun’s condition, was Leng Feng Chan.

The other Tian Lu Martial Disciples were at a loss concerning what they were to do since they were confused by events that had just unfolded in front of them. It wasn’t until they were given orders that they came to themselves and hurriedly went to look after Feng Jun. However, the others were still frozen with fear.

As compared to his Seven Cuts in One Breath of the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade’, Shi Mu’s accomplished level in ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fists had shocked them even more dreadfully, making their hair rise in fear.

After all, reaching the level of Seven Cuts in One Breath in the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade’ could only be counted as a small accomplishment.

There are four levels of accomplishment, or stages, in every technique, i.e. beginner, intermediate, advanced, and consummate. Generally, a person would need two to three months before it can be said that he knows how to use the skill. This would be the point when he would be considered to be at the beginner stage. To reach the intermediate stage, one has to be skilled at using the technique. Most people take a year or two on average to reach the intermediate stage.

The advanced stage can take much longer to reach, and some people have been known to take over a decade to reach the advanced stage. The final stage, i.e. the consummate stage of any particular skill, takes an even longer time. A few of the less talented Martial Disciples may even spend their entire lives practicing without even coming close to it.

This amount of time only applies to the ‘Martial Disciple level’ techniques. Hou Tian techniques would require more time and energy to be invested. Consequently, some Hou Tian Warriors are only able to reach a low level of accomplishment in their Hou Tian techniques. Li Cang Hai is an example of such an occurrence. He knew that he had no hope of reaching the consummate level in his Hou Tian techniques; therefore he had decided to devote his life to practising the ‘Gale Force Blade’ and the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist. Even then, he was only able to reach the advanced level after ten years of hard training, which was far from consummation in either of the techniques. But still, his skills ensured that he ranked top among the four clubs’ instructors.

Shi Mu had managed to reach the advanced stage in two techniques at such an early age, that too without inspiring his real Qi. No one could be indifferent to such an occurrence, unless they were entirely ignorant about martial arts since this implied that Shi Mu was a genius among geniuses.

Li Cang Hai’s face displayed an array of emotions, making it seem like he was trying hard to control himself. Then he said with a light cough, “Well, I think we may be mistaken in assuming this. My student Shi Mu has probably not reached the advanced stage in the Stone-Breaking Fist. It simply has to do with the fact that he is born with enormous strength, which makes it look like that he has the power of the advanced stage.”

“Exactly! If he had reached the advanced stage in the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fists, his hands should have been fair and crystal-clear. Moreover, each punch should have made a metallic sound,” the red-faced instructor was suddenly enlightened by Li Cang Hai’s explanation.

“Indeed. If he can really reach the advanced stage in the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist before the age of twenty, he would be nothing short of a genius capable of stirring the whole city.”

“But even if that is so, the lad is born with enormous brute strength. That should not be overlooked. As long as he keeps training, he’ll easily defeat any one from the Martial Disciple level. Besides, he’s still very young. Moreover, if he manages to acquire Qi-sensing and somehow enters the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School, he might even have a chance of becoming one of their top disciples someday.”

This conversation between Li Cang Hai and the red-faced instructor enlightened their counterparts as well, and they immediately started discussing the matter. Meanwhile, a few people were still casting admiring glances at Shi Mu, as if he was a legendary figure who only existed in one’s imagination.

“So now that Shi Mu has won again, is there anyone who wants to challenge him? If not, the Liu Feng club will be the champion in this year’s competition,” the officer said as he ascended to the ring again, looking at Shi Mu with increasing warmth and admiration as he pronounced the result.

A dead silence followed below the ring after the announcement.

Zhong Dong, the one with the Body of Solid Earth, threw a malicious look at Shi Mu from the Fei Hong club’s direction. Just as he was about to move forward, he was stopped again by the long-bearded elder. He pressed his hand against the boy’s shoulder disapprovingly, making it impossible for Zhong Dong to move even an inch.

The elder man muttered in his ear, “Even if you use all your skills, his advanced stage ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist will probably defeat you. It is only a competition; it is not worthwhile to offend a promising warrior.”

The thin, dark boy’s revealed a look of reluctance upon hearing this.

Within half a day, the news that Liu Feng club had won the competition and Shi Mu had claimed the title of the new ‘Top Martial Disciple’ had spread across the whole city. Big families, as well as some less powerful sects began to gather information about the competition and Shi Mu.

“So Shi Mu is now the ‘Top Martial Disciple’?” Shi Yu Huan said as she gaped at the note her family had received in Aunt Zhen’s manor. She was full of suspicion, whereas Aunt Zhen was deep in thought.

A middle-aged man was reprimanding a young man, whose face was similar to the man’s, but looked like that of a horse.

“Tian Er, I heard that you are now trying to challenge Shi Mu with the help of some of your cousins. Stop your attempts right now! Your grandfather has personally given me this order. You are to follow it even if you don’t wish to. After all, Shi Mu didn’t win the match by sleeping away the competition.”

The young man, Jin Tian, reluctantly obeyed his father, though he was full of resentment.

In the Wu Family manor, the three Wu brothers also got together to discuss the matter.

The military officer who had acted as the referee in the competition was the Feng City’s Sherriff. Inside his manor, he was reporting something to an elderly man, dressed in glamorous clothes, who seemed to be full of reverence.

In a secret room of the Jin Gang club, a conversation was taking place.

“Tian Hao, be honest with me. Have you inspired your blood?” Uncle Xu asked anxiously.

“Uncle, you’ve asked me the same question a hundred times, and my answer remains the same. I am unclear about the matter myself. I just felt a burning sensation in my body when I used the Blazing Spear that day, so I naturally controlled the flame,” Wang Tian Hao said, rolling his eyes. He was looking down at a certain spear art book with blue covers.

“Ha ha, that’s it! That is the reason why your father had sent you here to learn the ‘Blazing Spear’ art. Your spear art is a stimulant to your blood, so much so that it can quicken your progress to becoming a blood warrior,” Uncle Xu said, overjoyed at the news.

“This means that I’m not a genius at all. The only reason why I am able to use Hou Tian techniques when I’m still a Martial Disciple is because I have my ancestor’s blood,” Wang Tian Hao’s face dropped when he heard Uncle Xu’s remark.

“My foolish nephew, the fact that you are able to inspire your blood already proves that you are a real genius. The Wang Family may be famous for its blood warriors, but throughout the clan, among hundreds of our people, including our ancestors, only three or four have inspired their blood! And you are the first in your generation. Can’t you see the genius in that? From tomorrow onwards, I will personally teach you the most difficult skills of the ‘Blazing Spear’ art. Then, you will definitely be able to defeat everyone in the enrolment test to Kai Yuan Martial Arts School,” Uncle Xu answered, grinning from ear to ear.

“So, I will be able to defeat Shi Mu if I can learn the more difficult parts?” Wang Tian Hao asked, still a little unconvinced.

“Ha ha. Unless Shi Mu also turns out to be a blood warrior, you can definitely beat him then,” Uncle Xu replied with a hearty smile.

“How can you say that he isn’t a blood warrior when he has such brute strength?” Wang Tian Hao asked abruptly as he blinked his eyes.

“Well…” Uncle Xu’s laughter stopped.

“This is exactly what I’m curious to know.”

Just then, a third voice was heard in the secret room.



Chapter 24: The Messenger

“Who is it?”

Uncle Xu said as he turned around, terrified. His arms were crossed in front of his chest and he was looking in the direction of the voice.

An inconspicuous, dumpy older man could be seen standing in the shade of the room’s corner. He wore a grey robe, and was looking at Uncle Xu and his nephew with a poker face.

Wang Tian Hao was more astonished than his uncle at the sudden appearance of the old man. He had been facing that direction, but hadn’t seen the grey-robed man until he made his voice heard. Could the elder man know how to make himself invisible?

“The secret art of ‘Hiding in the Shade’? May I know who I have the honour of meeting here? Can I help you with something?” Uncle Xu asked as he enunciated each word slowly and clearly. His eyes were fixed on the elderly man.

“No need to be flustered. I am Han Wu from Kai Yuan Martial Arts School,” the dumpy old man laughed in a low voice, and then lifted his hand quickly.

Consequently, a silver ray of light dashed towards Uncle Xu. He caught it with a simple movement of his arm, acting almost automatically. The light turned out to be a triangle shaped identity card which was made out of silver and was as big as a palm. Two characters were carved on one side of the card, “Kai Yuan.” On the other side, only one character had been carved, “Wu”.

“Kai Yuan’s identity card! So you really have come from the Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. However, I can’t help but wonder what brings you to my home?” asked Uncle Xu as he observed the card carefully, letting out a relieved sigh.

“As a Hou Tian Warrior, I guess Brother Xu mustn’t be strange to, or mustn’t be unfamiliar to the surging the tide of the blood vessels” the dumpy man lifted one of his arms and said in a slow voice.

Suddenly a puffing sound was heard.

The bare part of his arm began to display some green patterns, with each one moving like a living thing. Grass began to then sprout out of his skin, growing up to an inch high! It was a scary sight indeed.

“Grass growing from flesh, and the surging tide of blood vessels? I understand now. You are a messenger from the school,” Uncle Xu blurted out his findings as he saw the man. His face then expressed sudden enlightenment. However, Wang Tian Hao was still completely in the dark.

“Ha ha, it seems that there will be no need for me to explain to you why your nephew can inspire his ancestors’ blood without any difficulty. I’m here to deliver a message from the alliance of the five martial arts schools’ elders: It is now certain that the tide of the ‘wild blood’ has arrived. Therefore, all martial arts schools will open their Blood Halls, and send messengers to seek every possible blood warrior from amongst the Martial Disciples. Once a Martial Disciple is identified as a promising blood warrior, he can get enrolled into one of the schools without taking the enrolment test. Also, he will be receiving a lot more resources than the ordinary Martial Disciples,” the stumpy elder man pronounced his message, his expression growing more serious.

“So the Blood Halls have really been opened! Then the three big sects will also open their gates, right?” Uncle Xu murmured. It had become difficult to gauge his mood now.

“Why, do you want to send your good nephew to the sects? Don’t forget about who gave the Wang Family their title of the ‘Clan of Blood Warriors’, and who has been providing them with the money and food for the past three hundred years,” Han Wu reproached with a stern face.

“Certainly not! We of the Wang clan have been protected by the court. So whenever there is a blood warrior in our family, we shall send him to the Blood Hall as soon as possible,” Uncle Xu reacted instantly, offering his flattery.

“You must remember that! Now let’s test and see if young master Wang has really inspired his Blood’s Blaze; and see how pure his blood is,” Han Wu’s stern look eased up when he heard the respectful promise. He turned up his palm and an emerald green wooden bowl appeared atop his hand.

“Can I ask you one thing? As a blood warrior, what will offer me the best opportunities for progress, the three sects or the Blood Hall?” Wang Tian Hao calmly asked as he finally perceived their conversation.

“The three sects do all they can to mystify themselves to those of us not in a sect, which is why their actual strengths are unknown. However, they treat blood warriors casually, and pay lesser attention to them than our martial arts schools. After all, the sects have both blood warriors as well as magicians, as suggested by a rumour, who take up more of their resources. So only a small part of the resources is saved up to supply for the blood warriors. Our martial arts schools have done a lot of research on some famous blood warriors, and have created many peculiar martial arts that can add power to one’s blood. So, what do we do? We simply add wings to a tiger to make it stronger. You’ll never regret it if you come to our Blood Halls,” Han Wu explained to Wang Tian Hao with a lot of patience, displaying amiable manners.

“If that is the case, I’ll enter the Hall,” Wang Tian Hao gave a casual nod on hearing the old man.

Uncle Xu could only twitch his mouth, unable to utter any disapproving words.

“Ha ha, that’s quite sensible, young master Wang! Now please drip one drop of your blood into the bowl,” the stumpy old man laughed delightedly as he passed his green bowl to Wang Tian Hao. The young man immediately bit his finger to make it bleed, and one drop of his blood fell into the bowl.

The drop disappeared into the bowl after a flash, and a puff of red fog emanated from the bowl. The puff rose to the height of a half inch, and then began turning into blazes after a swirl. The blazes didn’t seem to be dispersing…

“You are indeed a promising ‘blood warrior of the fire’, and the purity of your blood belongs to the intermediate level. I’m afraid that the details can only be made clear at the Blood Hall, after some professional tests have been conducted. But still, I would like to congratulate you. You are entitled to get enrolled and be provided with the top-rated resources from the school if you even have an average level,” Han Wu said after having recovered from the initial shock, only to be overjoyed over his finding.

Although the scene of the stumpy old man’s blood-awakening had seemed quite enigmatic, he only ranked at the eighth grade of the elementary level. Otherwise he wouldn’t have been a mere messenger. However, if he could manage to bring a blood warrior of the intermediate level back to his school, he would be offered a high reward.

“The intermediate level? That sounds fair enough,” Wang Tian Hao’s seemingly calm face concealed a grain of excitement. After all, there had only been one blood warrior among his ancestors who had made his family famous with an intermediate level of the sixth grade.

“Well, if you rank among the intermediate blood warriors, I wonder what rank your defeater would belong to,” Han Wu said, deep in thought.

“What? Do you mean that there are other messengers in the city?” Uncle Xu asked, quite confused.

“Yes, indeed. I have one fellow companion in the city. He initially had to go on an errand to another city, but he offered to come here as soon as he heard about Shi Mu’s great strength. Considering his amazing fights during this tide of ‘wild blood’, we both have come to think that it is likely that Shi Mu is a blood warrior as well.” the stumpy elder man said with a smile.

Wang Tian Hao and Uncle Xu were quite astonished when they heard this, and couldn’t help but gape at each other.

Shi Mu was staring at a wooden stick that had been cut into pieces, as well as an ordinary long knife. The knife was inserted halfway into the ground. Shi Mu was unable to close his mouth for a long time.

“So this is the ‘Blade-Throwing’ Art?”

“Exactly. Though it may not be much to look at, but you just witnessed ten years of my experience in the skill. The key lies in grasping the right moment to apply the art, as well as the way you throw it. It is quite tricky as you may lose your weapon if the knife you throw misses its target. But ever since I accomplished the art, I have used it thrice, and never has my enemy been able to escape,” Li Cang Hai said in a proud tone.

“That’s brilliant! It really does catch an opponent off guard. Please teach me the basics,” Shi Mu asked as he bowed, finally coming to himself and regaining his normal colour.

In reality, the sharpness of the art far surpassed what he had expected at the moment.

“Ha ha. I won’t hold anything from you anymore because you have already won the championship for our Liu Feng club. Now listen well, for I’ll tell you the essence of the art.”

It took Li Cang Hai a good hour to explain the key points, meanwhile he kept picking up his long knife and performing the movements personally for Shi Mu, repeating each one until Shi Mu began to get the hang of it.

Shi Mu was about to begin practising when suddenly one their club’s Martial Disciple came into the yard. He hurriedly told Li Cang Hai, “Master, someone claiming to be the blood messenger is out at the gate. He asked for Shi Mu.”

“The blood messenger?” Li Cang Hai said, astonished at the title.

“Instructor Li, do you know what a blood messenger is?” Shi Mu was somewhat surprised.

“I’ll tell you later. For now you should go and see the man. It seems like maybe your chance has come,” Li Cang Hai replied after a long sigh, his facial expression changing several times before he could speak.

“My chance?” Shi Mu said suspiciously, blinking his eyes.

“Yes. I can only tell you that the messenger comes from one of the five martial arts schools. If he considers you promising, you can get enrolled into the martial art school immediately. You will then be offered resources inaccessible to ordinary Martial Disciples,” Li Cang Hai said, his voice carrying a lot of authority.

“I will see him because master has asked me to,” Shi Mu answered his instructor directly after thinking for a while, even though the news had come as a surprise to him.

The two of them then left the yard and headed straight to the club’s gate.

Shi Mu saw two men engaged in a conversation when he entered the hall behind the gate. One of them was the red-faced instructor Min, while the other was a red-robed man, most of whose face was covered by a straw hat.

“Brother Li, Shi Mu, so you have come. This is Messenger Zhao from the Blood Hall,” instructor Min greeted as he saw them come in, and introduced them in a cheerful tone.

“Since the messenger from the Blood Hall has come personally, I am guessing that ‘the event’ has taken place?” Li Cang Hai asked the messenger in a serious tone as he walked a few steps forward to greet him.

“Instructor Li is really no ordinary warrior, so I won’t waste any more time exchanging pleasantries. I want to test this Martial Disciple in order to determine if he will really be a blood warrior in the future. If that turns out to be the case, I’ll take him to the Hall with me, and make him a powerful warrior,” the man in the straw hat made the announcement in a straightforward manner as he lifted his head slightly, revealing the exceedingly cold square-face beneath it.

“Alright. If the boy’s chance has come, I won’t stand in the way. Shi Mu, just do as Messenger Zhao asks,” Li Cang Hai nodded his agreement.

Shi Mu also nodded silently as he gave the straw hat man a brief look.

It seemed as if straw hat man didn’t really care at all about their response. He took out an emerald colored bowl from his sleeves and demanded, “Little boy, drip one drop of your blood into this. Then we’ll see if you are a blood warrior.”

After taking a deep breath Shi Mu drew his long knife from his waist, and swiftly cut his finger. The cut made an inch length wound on his finger, and a drop of blood instantly fell into the bowl.



Chapter 25: The Wasted Blood of the Stone Monkey

The blood drop disappeared in a flash.

A moment later, the wooden bowl trembled briefly. A whooshing sound was heard as a small puff of white fog emanated from inside the bowl. After swirling for a while, the white fog became quite dense. Eventually, it took the shape of a small monkey, whose body was curled up. The monkey’s eyes seemed to be tightly shut, and the figure appeared as vivid as if it were a living thing. However, white lines were faintly visible on the surface of its body, which could only be a bad sign.

“Why, it’s not even on the list. It is only the blood of the stone monkey, which is the most worthless out of all the other wasted bloods. I truly squandered my time coming here! I’ll go now, please excuse me,” the straw hat man declared his disappointment with a stern face. This he did after he had observed the small white monkey and the lines on its surface closely.

He waved one arm to disperse the white fog. Then, taking back his wooden bowl, he nodded goodbye to the two instructors and left the hall. Throughout this time, he didn’t once look at Shi Mu.

Both the instructors’ faces fell when they saw this, and Shi Mu sensed from their looks that something undesirable had transpired.

“One more thing. If I were you, I’d stop dreaming about the enrolment test to Kai Yuan Martial Arts School. With your waste blood, you’ll only be a fruitless seed,” the straw hat man stated from the gate in a stony voice, and said no more after that.

“The wasted blood of the stone monkey? Master Li, what did he mean by that? Did he mean that I haven’t inspired my blood or that the already inspired blood was useless?” Shi Mu turned his head to seek an answer from Li Cang Hai, blinking his eyes.

“Well, let me think of how to explain this,” Li Cang Hai murmured subconsciously, his face sullen.

“I’ll tell you the truth… Shi Mu, you don’t have good luck. You have inspired your blood, but the blood was the wasted blood of the stone monkey. It would’ve been better to not inspire it! There are certainly some blood warriors who can make amazing progress with inspired blood at a much faster speed than ordinary warriors’.

“But there are also some who end up inspiring a useless or let’s say a counterproductive blood. This blood becomes an obstacle, creating more difficulty in the future, which is why it’s called a wasted blood. The one that you have inspired is the most widely known one. It can make one’s skin rather thick and enhance one’s strength greatly at the Martial Disciple level. However, once one acquires Qi-sensing, the blood will obstruct the passages through which the energy circulates. This will ensure that the gathering speed of one’s real Qi will not even be equal to an ordinary man’s. Now that I’ve explained it to you fully, it’s up to you to decide your future path,” said Instructor Min.

A little while later, only Shi Mu and Li Cang Hai remained in the hall. Shi Mu’s heart had sunk after hearing instructor Min’s words.

“Master Li…”

“Shi Mu, you can quit the enrolment test now. As far as I know, all those who have been known to have wasted blood have not been enrolled in any martial arts school. After all, schools want Martial Disciples who are capable of becoming Hou Tian Warriors, or even Xian Tian Warriors. A Martial Disciple who is unable to reach the next level is worthless to the schools,” Li Cang Hai said, sensing that Shi Mu still had a gleam of hope, and thus trying to shatter his hopes by telling him to face the reality.

“To tell you the truth, I am quite disappointed myself. I had thought that I would be able to cultivate a powerful warrior out of you. Never once had I expected this result. I should have known this much earlier, because only those with the blood of the stone monkey have such brutal force to accomplish the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fists in a few months.”

He said his last words with obvious regret.

“Are you saying that it is impossible for me to be a powerful warrior in any way?” Shi Mu gritted his teeth and asked the question, repressing the coldness and depression in his heart firmly. He knew that this was the last time he would get an answer to this question.

“When you will start learning a certain technique of the Hou Tian level, you’ll find the gathering speed of your real Qi to be much lower than the others. It won’t even come close to half of the average speed. It is then that you’ll taste real despair. As your former instructor, I’ll give you my last piece of advice. Regard it as just a dream, the thing about being a powerful warrior. Go back home and lead the life of an ordinary person. Yes, you can’t come to Liu Feng club anymore. Although we teach students in return for money, we won’t teach someone with wasted blood even if we are paid. If we do, we’ll be reduced to a laughingstock for the other clubs,” Li Cang Hai said, his face expressionless, and his voice stony. After a pat on Shi Mu’s shoulder, he also turned and left the hall.

Shi Mu was frozen to the ground. After a while, he slowly walked to the nearest chair and sat down, completely dumbstruck.

“Ha ha…ha. Yesterday I was the top Martial Disciple in the city, and today I have become the wasted blood of the stone monkey. That’s hilarious…ha ha…” Shi Mu’s wild laughter rang in the hall, breaking the silence.

Li Cang Hai was still not far from the hall. His expression changed slightly when he heard the laughter behind him, but walked on without any hesitation.

After some time, Shi Mu left Feng Liu club for his suburban manor. He seemed to be calm and composed.

The news that the ‘blood tide’ had begun, and that the blood messengers had been seen in Feng City soon circulated through the city. The fact that they had found three blood Martial Disciples created a stir among the city’s clans and gangs.

Meanwhile, the news that a messenger had visited Liu Feng club and found Shi Mu to be of the wasted blood also began to spread out.

This astonished many, but also left some overjoyed.

Auntie Zhen was questioning a man who seemed to be in his fifties, and extremely austere.

“Big Brother, I just heard that you have given out all the ten newly obtained Qi Ling pills, and the one which should have been Shi Mu’s was given to Jin Tian?”

“Yes, I did give Shi Mu’s pill to my nephew. Seventh Sister, I was just looking-out for you. Listen, here is a ten thousand liang silver-note offered by the fifth Brother. Give the money to Shi Mu,” the austere man answered Aunt Zhen’s query unhurriedly, and passed her a silver note. He was the current leader of the Jin Clan.

“He dared to buy a Qi Ling pill with a single note? Big brother, do you really think Shi Mu is a fool?” Aunt Zhen said as she put the note aside with a single hand, raging with laughter.

“Ha ha. Even if he wasn’t a fool earlier, he definitely is one now. It’s not as easy for us, the Jin Family, to buy Qi Ling pills as if we were blowing off dust. Why then should we waste it on a worthless fool?” the austere man answered coldly. He didn’t care the least about Aunt Zhen’s protest, but had now withdrawn his hand.

“Even if he is a worthless fool, I have made him a promise. I will never go back on my word. I’ll go to see father and let him be the judge,” Aunt Zhen retorted without the least intention of giving up.

“Going to our father? Seventh Sister, let me tell you the truth. Father was the one who ordered this,” the leader of the Jin Clan casually stated.

“What? Father ordered this?” Aunt Zhen’s expression changed.

“Remember, you are a Jin, not a Shi. Your husband was married into our family. One pill doesn’t really matter that much, but your actions will make us a laughing stock in front of the other clans. Seventh Sister, please think about your own daughter, Yu Huan. Since the ‘blood tide’ has begun, messengers from the three sects will definitely come here. I’m trying in every way to contact them. This may be an excellent opportunity for Yu Huan,” leader of the Jin Clan finally eased up a little as he started talking about the talented girl.

“Hmph, I will not disobey father’s order. As for Yu Huan, Big brother please mind your own business and rest assured,” Aunt Zhen said. Her expression changed several times, and eventually she stomped her foot, turning to leave.

“Hold on, take the note with you,” the leader shouted out.

“This little sum of money? I can pay it myself. Just take it back to the Fifth Brother,” Aunt Zhen said as she went out of the hall in an instant, without turning her head even once.

At the door of the hall, Yu Huan was waiting for her mother. As soon as she saw her, she came up and asked, “Mother, what happened? How did the conversation go between you and Big Uncle? Can we have the pill back for my brother?”

“I’m afraid not. Your paternal grandfather had made the order, which is why there’s nothing more that I can do. But I’ll tell Butler Cheng to send Shi Mu thirty thousand liang of silver,” Aunt Zhen answered with a sigh.

“Mother, grandfather was so unfair!” Yu Huan was very displeased at the outcome.

“It’s hard to say whether your grandfather and Big Uncle are right or wrong this time. To give a Qi Ling pill to a hopeless Martial Disciple will definitely bring shame to the Jin Clan. It’s my fault this time, for I have failed to fulfil my promise,” Aunt Zhen was very regretful, but had no alternative.

In the backyard of Tian Wang Temple, Feng Li and Gao Yuan stood gaping at each other. They were listening to a well-informed person relate the news that had stirred up the city; the man made money by selling information.

After a while, Feng Li waved him off.

“It’s quite unexpected to hear that Shi Mu should have the stone monkey’s blood! That explains why he managed to beat all the other Martial Disciples of his level. Do you remember when we asked him to be our gang’s leader? He didn’t even deserve that!” Gao Yuan said with a grin, beginning to gloat over Shi Mu’s fate.

“Exactly! I never thought Brother Shi could have useless blood. It’s a shame. That strength would have come in handy while practicing martial arts, even for an ordinary man. Now we will have to find a new protector,” unlike Gao Yuan, Feng Li lamented over the loss of a powerful guardian.

“This Shi Mu is just trash! I had thought of challenging him at that time!” Zhong Dong said as he twitched his mouth after reading a note.

He was in the Fei Hong club. He tore the note to pieces and continued to exercise his newly learned fist art.

He could have challenged Shi Mu’s ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fists if he had accomplished this fist art.

In the secret room of the Wu manor, wild laughter roared.

“The inspired blood was the wasted blood of the stone monkey! Brilliant! Now the Jin Family won’t even look at that bastard. Father, I want someone to make him a cripple,” Wu Hua laughed wildly, with the pale man sitting next to him.

“No problem. Since he’s a wasted bastard, we needn’t fear him now. Your Big Uncle and I have just come to know of this, and we must use this chance well in order to obtain the ugly girl’s blood. Just wait for a bit longer. Your third uncle will personally go and bring the girl back, so that you can avenge yourself,” the pale man answered without thinking, watching Wu Hua fondly.

“Great! I’ll go with third uncle. I want to witness Shi Mu’s legs being broken with my own eyes,” the proud young man laughed with glee.



Chapter 26: Acquiring Qi-Sensing

Shi Mu sat on a chair, thoughtfully gazing at a small bottle on his desk. Someone knocked on the door several times.

“Come in,” Shi Mu said briefly, without raising his head.

The door was pushed open, and a pretty girl came in with a wooden tray. She then put a bowl of hot meat porridge on the desk, seeming to be proficient at her job.

“Miss Zhong, why are you here again? I’ve told you many times to leave the work to the servants,” Shi Mu looked up and shook his head at the girl. This girl was none other than Zhong Xiu.

Ever since she had come to live in the manor, she had been trying to show her gratitude to Shi Mu for taking her in. Bringing tea and food to Shi Mu’s room had become her way of showing it.

“Brother Shi, you haven’t eaten anything today. Please rest for a short while and eat something. I stewed the porridge especially for you,” Zhong Xiu said in a compassionate tone. Her bearing was gentle and soft, despite the startling blue birthmark on her forehead.

“I haven’t eaten anything for a day? I didn’t even realize so much time had passed! Okay, let me taste the porridge,” Shi Mu said with a bitter smile since he was quite surprised. He took the bowl which was filled with meat porridge, and ate up the contents like a wolf. He then let out a sigh of content.

“Miss Zhong, the porridge is so delicious! I never thought you would be so good at cooking. Your future husband is very lucky.”

“Now you are making fun of me. Who would want me after they see my ugly face? But if you really liked the food, I’ll cook more for you later on,” Zhong Xiu said with a sense of pleasure. She was blushing at Shi Mu’s compliment, her fair skin turning pink.

“If you really will, I…” Shi Mu smiled faintly at the girl and was about to say something when he heard fast footsteps from outside the room.

Zhang Suo burst into the room and said, “Young master Shi, Butler Cheng of the Jin family is here and is asking to see you.”

“Old Cheng? Well, let’s not make our guests wait,” Shi Mu narrowed his eyes and answered without hesitation. He then took the little bottle from the desk and put it into his sleeves.

He strode out of the room, with Zhang Suo following behind him. Zhong Xiu paused for a moment and hesitated, before deciding to follow them.

Shi Mu reached the gate of his manor a moment later. He was looking at the silver notes that Jin Cheng had given him in contempt, wearing a sullen look on his face.

“So, I’m not getting my Qi Ling pill, and am now offered thirty thousand liang of silver instead. Excellent, one pill costs a ten thousand at most, so I’m still profiting.”

“Well young master Shi, madam has done all that she could. She even went to the Jin Family’s manor personally and made a scene there just so she could obtain your pill. But it was the patriarch, madam’s father, who had ordered the decision. Madam therefore had no more ways of refuting it. Even the thirty thousand liang have been offered by madam herself. Also, she asked me to tell you that though she failed in getting you a Qi Ling pill, she can still offer you the first choice she had given you at your father’s funeral,” the blue-robed old man explained to Shi Mu, coughing slightly.

The butler had always considered Shi Mu to be a nice young fellow. He too had felt sad for him when he found out that the blood he had inspired was worthless.

“Ah, so it was the patriarch’s order. That’s good to know. I’m sorry I brought trouble to Aunt Zhen,” Shi Mu said. The news had come as quite a shock to Shi Mu, and he only took the notes after sitting there for a moment.

“I hope young master Shi understands the situation. Also, madam has predicted that some of the younger Jin Family members may do something to embarrass you in the near future. So it would be better if you stayed here and didn’t go to the city,” Jin Cheng gave Shi Mu a warning after some thought.

“Alright, I understand. Please send my best regards to Aunt Zhen,” Shi Mu said, giving a brief nod.

“I’ll retire now. Oh, by the way, if young master Shi still wants to pursue his dream of being a warrior, I have an idea for you,” said the blue robed old man. He smiled at Shi Mu’s unchanging calmness, and then unexpectedly took out a paper note from his sleeve. He handed it over to Shi Mu and then left the manor with graceful steps.

Meanwhile, Shi Mu remained at the gate and gazed at the old man’s figure until it disappeared. He was still holding the three silver notes, and the paper in his hand.

Zhong Xiu and Zhang Suo stood beside him the entire time, listening to the conversation. Zhong Xiu wore a worried look on her face, and Zhang Suo stood there looking concerned and serious.

That night, Shi Mu sat cross legged on his bed as he studied the little bottle in his hand, with his eyes gleaming.

“The wasted blood of the stone monkey?”

“Ha! I refuse to believe that my blood is wasted!”

“Mother, please don’t worry. Because I’ve already decided to be the most powerful warrior in the world, there is no way that I will quit midway. What difference does wasted blood make? I’m not a cripple!” Shi Mu shouted in the air and opened the lid of the bottle without hesitation.

A white pill rolled out and he immediately put it in his mouth.

The pill had seemed to be as hard as iron, but it changed after Shi Mu put it in his mouth. Immediately it became soft and sweet, as though it were sugar. After taking a few breaths, the pill turned into a fluid that could be easily swallowed. Suddenly, burning energy began to circulate in his stomach and the area beneath it.

Boom!

After hearing a thunderous noise in his head, Shi Mu felt his physical senses turn much more acute than before. Simultaneously, his body began to unbearably itch all over.

He instantly sat cross-legged on his bed, closed his eyes and tried to relax his face.

A middle-aged man was swearing at a young man who looked quite like himself.

“You hopeless wretch! You wastrel! You call Shi Mu a fool? In my eyes you are even worse than a fool! You’re good-for-nothing! This is the second time you’ve taken a Qi Ling pill. Didn’t you say you were fully confident of acquiring Qi-sensing this time? So what happened? Are you even my son? If I had known this earlier, I wouldn’t have paid so much money to get the pill from my sister! It would’ve been better if I had left it for that bastard Shi Mu! I could have at least saved my money!” the middle-aged man shouted, growing increasingly angrier. He slapped the young man’s face and rushed out of the room, furious.

“Shi Mu!” Jin Tian gritted his teeth and shouted, stroking his swollen face.

Half a day later, Shi Mu pressed one of his hands to his stomach. He could faintly feel the warm Qi beneath his hand.

He now knew what Qi-sensing was! If it weren’t for the help offered by the Qi Ling pill, he wouldn’t have been able to sense his Qi at all.

Now, as long as he could obtain a book on Hou Tian Arts, he would be able to move on, and begin training his real Qi to the Hou Tian Warrior level, and above!

To some extent, this was the moment he could begin being called a real warrior.

After a while, Shi Mu directed his attention to the paper that Jin Cheng had given him. He took it out from his sleeve, unfolded it, and began to read the words.

“Frontier Fortress in the 3rd Perfecture! A military school!” the youngster muttered to himself after a long while.



Chapter 27: The Ape in the Dream

One month passed quickly.

The Kai Yuan Martial Arts School finally announced the date of the enrolment test, with the venue being the Guang Ling Valley in the city’s eastern suburb.

As soon as the news was made public, all the Martial Disciples in the Kai Yuan Prefecture became excited. Furthermore, a constant stream of Martial Disciples could be seen flowing into the city.

Meanwhile, the Feng City’s sheriff issued an exceedingly strict martial law which stipulated that all Martial Disciples had to behave themselves and not create disturbances in the city. The law was to be in effect from three months before the enrolment test, and would not be removed till three months after it. Offenders would be punished according to their misconducts, i.e. lighter offences would be punished by forcing the offender to wear heavy armour for the duration of the law, whereas the offenders of heavy crimes would be executed right on the spot.

Groups of rather imposing-looking armoured soldiers began to appear on various streets of the city, each one armed with a spear and a bow.

In response to this, gangs and clans also began to manage their members strictly, forbidding them from trifling with Martial Disciples from the other districts.

On the other side of the city, Shi Mu had not left his suburban manor during the past month. He would practise the blade and fist arts during the day, and sleep soundly through the night. It seemed as though he had really thrown away all intentions of taking part in the enrolment test.

A young white ape was having a good time with ten grey apes on a mountain, jumping and chasing each other over the hilltops.

At dusk, when the sun began to set, all the grey apes went to a huge stone cave to sleep. The white one stayed outside the cave because he was still quite energetic. He climbed up a large tree on a certain hilltop, without any difficulty. Once he had reached the top, he sat down on a small branch and looked up to watch the silver moon in the sky. He was sitting there completely motionless when something shocking happened.

The white ape had just barely been sitting on the branch for a moment when glittering white lights began to faintly appear in the night sky, flickering like glow-worms.

The white ape blinked his eyes, and his black-and-white eyes turned golden!

Puff!

Although there was no wind, the dense dots of white light began to move by themselves. The lights began to flood towards the ape’s golden eyes, as if they were an endless ocean of light.

An inexplicable sense of comfort penetrated the ape’s body, making it grin broadly and dance excitedly on the branch.

Peng! A loud noise was heard.

Shi Mu woke up in his bed, sweating so much that his entire shirt was soaked. His face was ghastly pale, as though he had been exercising fiercely.

“The seventh time! What is this dream trying to tell me? I’ve had the same dream for seven days in a row. I know something is up now!” Shi Mu murmured to himself.

He wiped the sweat on his forehead, and his eyes seemed quite lacklustre.

He had been having the strange dream every night for the past seven days. In the dream, he would always turn into a white ape, jumping in the woods and chasing after his companions. It seemed as if he was the leader of the whole pack.

However, the previous six dreams had always snapped when he, the white ape, would go to rest with his companions in the cave. It was different this time, as he stayed outside the cave and subsequently climbed a branch. That was when the strange scene had taken place.

“What is this about? Could it be that the ‘blood of the stone monkey’ is causing trouble inside my body? It could be possible, because I am dreaming of an ape. It never happened before I acquired Qi-Sensing. Could my break-through be the reason for this?” Shi Mu sank into a thoughtful mood.

Just then, he looked up and was shocked to find that the paper windows which should have been sealed had been blown open by the wind. The moonlight was coming through the window, almost covering his entire bed. He had no idea when this had happened.

Instantly, Shi Mu was reminded of the moon he had seen in his dream. His colour changed as he made the association.

The next moment, he was up and out of his bed. He walked up to the door, pushed it open and walked outside.

The yard outside his room was illuminated because of the moonlight. Raising his head, he looked up and saw a half moon in the sky. The moon was different tonight than usual, and he felt that it seemed more majestic and serene than normal. He stared at the half moon for a long time, and then lowered his head, and glanced at the yard again.

There was an old half-dead tree in one corner of the yard. It seemed to be a little over seventeen meters tall, and only a few leaves remained on it. The tree was obviously dying.

Shi Mu narrowed his eyes and closely observed the half-dead tree for a while before an idea dawned on him, driving him to walk up to the tree.

The thick trunk was easy for Shi Mu to climb. He reached the top of the tree without any difficulty, and then rested his feet on a thick branch and sat down on it. As he raised his head, he realized that his posture right now was exactly the same as that of the white ape’s in his dream!

Shi Mu could not believe his own eyes! From this angle, the moon seemed somewhat bigger and brighter.

Shi Mu waited for something to happen.

However, nothing happened as time flowed on.

The young man smiled bitterly to himself, mocking his own foolishness. Who would wake up in the middle of the night and climb a tree, imitating a beast instead of sleeping? If the servants saw him, they would think he was a lunatic.

With this thought on his mind, he prepared to jump down from the branch.

However, a deafening sound boomed in his head just as he was about to move. His whole body froze, as if it had been glued to the branch. His eyes were involuntarily locked on the moon.

Shi Mu had begun to question his own sanity by now.

He began to go into a strange, dreamlike state… he turned into the white ape from his dream again, and his eyes were wide open so they could receive the falling glittering lights from the sky. At this moment, he felt an intense burning and a refreshingly cooling sensation in his eyes simultaneously.

Unlike the previous dream, his mind was perfectly lucid even with the body of an ape. He was conscious of the fact that he was in a dream.

What frightened him was the fact that no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to move his body even an inch. It seemed as if his consciousness was now confined inside the ape’s body. He was terrified, but Shi Mu had no option but to stay on the branch.

After a certain amount of time had passed, the ape finally moved, and it seemed as if he’d gained control over the ape’s body.

Shi Mu was overjoyed by this, but before he had time to try and move the ape’s body, a loud booming sound made him subconsciously close his eyes.

When he reopened his eyes the next moment, he was dumbstruck to find himself still on the branch, looking up at the sky.

However, he was now in his human form and his shirt was wet with morning dew. The sky was beginning to turn bright, and the high moon from before was only faintly visible.



Chapter 28: Eyesight Mutation

Shi Mu was so shocked that he could do nothing but sit on the branch for a while. When he finally shook himself out of the shock and looked down, the scene below him turned out to be almost as crazy as the dreamlike event he had just gone through.

The originally half-dead tree was now covered with verdant leaves, its branches stretching out vigorously as though it had been awakened from a long slumber.

Shi Mu stared at the sight, and then looked at the tree more closely. He jumped down only after he had managed to assure himself that there was nothing obviously strange going on with the tree. The only strange thing about it seemed to be that it was starting to revive itself.

Peng!

Shi Mu landed on the ground with a thud, stirring up a ring of dust.

After letting out a long sigh, he looked up at the sky again. He was still full of wonder at the crazy events of the night.

Finally, he accepted the fact that he had in actuality stayed on the branch for most of the night. He still remembered how it had felt being unable to control his body, and felt a chill as he thought about that frightening scene.

A daydream! This was the first time he had ever had a daydream.

Technically speaking, it hadn’t really been a ‘daydream.’ However, there was no other word to describe the strange event of his mind being absolutely sober while his body became paralyzed. When Shi Mu recalled the scene of the ape’s eyes absorbing the glittering lights in the sky, he touched his eyes involuntarily. He rubbed them, feeling a vague sense of uneasiness. However, it seemed that apart from some aches, there was nothing wrong with his body.

Shi Mu cast another glance around the yard as he pondered over the event.

“What… What’s this?” he said, dumbstruck with amazement yet again.

He didn’t understand what had happened to his eyes until that moment. He glanced briefly in the direction of an ant, which was about twenty meters away from him on the grass. As he shifted his eyes to a corner of the yard, he saw a spider as big as a bean weaving its cobweb in the silence of the morning.

Shi Mu took a cold breath, and then raised his head to look at a leaf on the big tree. What he saw greatly astonished him. The light-coloured veins of the leaf were as clearly visible as the veins on his hand.

Shi Mu was dumbstruck.

After a certain amount of time had passed, he suddenly burst into wild laughter. The entire manor, as well as the servants who were sleeping in it, shook because of his laughter. The servants were naturally very irritated when they were awakened from their dreams. However, they could do nothing but go back to sleep with muffled curses after they had identified the source of the laughter.

Shi Mu returned to his bedroom after laughing for a while. He closed the door and walked to his bed, and grabbed an iron knife from his bedside. After thinking for a short while, he directed his eyes to a flickering candle. He gazed at the candle whose body had almost been entirely burnt down.

He shook his wrist lightly, and a shadow of the knife rushed past the tip of the candle. The flame of the candle immediately went out.

Shi Mu gave the candle another backhanded cut.

Piercing sounds whizzed through the air, while cold light rolled over the desk like a tiny tornado. However, the candle remained in its original spot on the desk.

Shi Mu smiled and pressed the edge of his knife into the desk.

Peng! A loud sound was heard.

The candle trembled slightly, and then split into eight symmetrical pieces. Each piece looked as if it had been precisely cut with a ruler.

“Eight Cuts in One Breath! This is exactly what I had suspected. But, if I can cut more precisely, I could probably raise the speed as well. No worries, I’m still getting used to my newly acquired eyesight. Once I get accustomed to my enhanced eyesight, I might even be able to do Nine Cuts in One Breath,” Shi Mu murmured to himself as he looked at the pieces of the candle with an impassioned glow on his face.

Immediately after uttering the last word, he slashed his iron knife through the air again. Each slash produced seven or eight shadows of the knife, which could be faintly seen in the air. Shi Mu’s eyes grew increasingly brighter, and he took no breaks as he practiced his techniques ceaselessly.

The windows of Shi Mu’s bedroom were open, and a faint moonlight was falling in front of his bed. Shi Mu was tossing about in the bed, unable to fall asleep.

He let out a sigh and got up from his bed. He pushed open the door and walked out of the room to bathe himself in the moonlight, as if he was trying to sense something.

After a moment, he climbed the verdant tree in the yard. Finding the relevant posture, he squatted proficiently on the branch, and began looking up at the sky.

After a short span of time had passed, he began to tremble slightly. He found that his whole body had become glued to the tree, and he was unable to move yet again.

The next moment, he turned into the white ape of his dream once more. He was still squatting on the branch and absorbing the light that was falling from the sky. He was well aware that he had no control of his own body while he was the ape, but he couldn’t resist glancing around his surroundings through his periphery vision.

“There should have been a green worm three inches away, but it doesn’t seem to be there. One, two, three… seventeen. In yesterday’s dream, there were nineteen leaves on the branch near my left hand, and twenty the day before yesterday. So, it seems that I’m not repeating the same dream. The dream also seems to have its days and nights. So time definitely flows in the dream as well,” Shi Mu thought, becoming more and more confused.

He had acquired superhuman sight after seven successive dreams. Ever since then, he had not had the exact same weird dream again. However, if the latter half of the night had any moonlight, he was able to return to the dream as the ape. This only happened after he climbed the tree and squatted on the branch. It was as though he was dragged into the dream and forced to absorb the moonlight in the body of that white ape.

These days, his eyesight would grow better than before every time he awoke from the dream. However, the increase in the eyesight level was not as much as the first time. Even then, his current eyesight enabled him to clearly see the legs of a mosquito flying over thirty-three meters away. If he stood on a tree and looked into the distance, he could easily spot a worm’s hole in a big tree, and although that tree was over a hundred and seventy-five meters away, he could still see it with ease.

He was unable to get into the dream on the days when the moon did not show itself. He had a rough feeling that the white lights absorbed by the ape in the dream were some type of an essence of the moonlight. This essence was probably what had enhanced his eyesight. Moreover, he calculated that if he continued to dream this dream, it would be very beneficial to his eyes with every passing day since his eyesight would then enhance greatly.

Shi Mu thought of what would happen if everything went as smoothly as he thought. If his eyesight got even better, maybe he could try to learn more forms of martial arts.

Two acquaintances visited Shi Mu three days later in the hall of his manor.

“Brother Shi, here is the thing you ordered from Master Ma. He’s finished it and we’ve brought it for you. We also brought something special for you,” the older one of the two youngsters said. He passed two heavy packs to Shi Mu, smiling.

This young man was Feng Li of the Black Fox Gang.



Chapter 29: The Bow of Purple Steel

“Thank you, Brother Feng. This should pay for the rest of my order. Please take this, and make sure it’s the right amount,” Shi Mu nodded as he took out two silver notes from his sleeve and passed them to Feng Li.

“Haha… why would I doubt Brother Shi? By the way, are you really going to quit the enrollment test?” Feng Li laughed as he took the notes without even looking at them.

Shi Mu gazed at him inquisitively, “Has the date been set?”

“Seven days from now, between 11a.m. to 1 p.m.; in the Valley of Guang Ling. It is being said that the leaders of the city’s big clans will be present at the venue. The officers, including the sheriff, are also supposed to be there,” Feng Li answered without thinking.

“Then I’ll probably quit the test. The blood messenger from the school has identified me as useless anyway. My presence at the test will only make me a laughing stock. Besides, the Qi Ling pill that the Jin clan had promised me… has already been given to someone else. So, I have no chance of sensing my real Qi. There is simply no reason for me to take the test,” Shi Mu answered calmly.

“That’s a shame. You could have passed the test with your strength and the pill… had the messenger had not found you,” Feng Li said pitifully.

“It’s alright. I can still practise martial arts at home even though I can’t become a Hou Tian Warrior. My current state is proof that I can have a comfortable life even if I don’t make much money,” Shi Mu said as he tried hard to make light of his condition.

“It’s probably for the best that you think that way. We won’t disturb you any longer,” Feng Li nodded, and immediately got up to leave.

Half an hour later, the two leaders of the Black Fox Gang were on the road. In fact, they were already several miles away from the manor.

“Brother Feng, that guy is useless now. Why are we helping him so much by bringing his stuff personally to his manor?” Gao Yuan asked. He had not spoken much in the manor. But, he couldn’t hold his thoughts now.

“Third Brother, I became quite curious about his situation when he asked us to get that thing for him. That’s why I asked you to accompany me when I went there,” Feng Li answered unhurriedly.

“Heh. So, were you able to draw any conclusions?” Gao Yuan smiled.

“I think Shi Mu hasn’t really given up his pursuit of martial arts. If that is the case, then we shouldn’t offend him. After all, you must remember that the famous General Yue Tai was also a good-for-nothing in his starting years. But everyone in Da Qi still knows his name. So what happened later? He had several strange experiences and became a powerful Xian Tian warrior. Moreover, he killed thirteen Totem Fighters in the invasion of the barbarous tribes. He used a blade that weighed 500 Kg to accomplish that feat. That’s why he was conferred with the title of the National Guardian despite the fact that his family name was different from the emperor’s. And he has been guarding the three prefectures at the frontier fortress ever since,” Feng Li said in a serious tone.

“Big Brother, are you comparing a bastard like Shi Mu with National Guardian Yue? He’s not worthy of such words! Guardian Yue may have been feeble and sick in his early years, but that’s not the same as having a wasted blood! We really didn’t need to send the bow of purple steel to him. You know… only a Lieutenant or his superior can use that invaluable weapon. We had to bribe the retiring officer with costly presents to obtain it for Shi Mu. Only after the bribe did the officer agree to help us. And that too by disguising the bow as wastes from the armory,” Gao Yuan twitched his mouth; he was notably displeased.

“Third Brother, I know that the bow is invaluable. However, it’s worthless to us if we can’t use it. What’s the use of keeping it when we can’t even pull it open? Shi Mu wants a nice bow. So what’s the harm in sending him the one that is useless to us? You know, it’s common to send gifts to those who are respected. But, no one give gifts to someone undergoing hard times. He’ll remember our generosity, and repay us in future,” Feng Li explained slowly.

“I’ll follow you if you really see hope in him. After all, he did help us greatly in the past. Let the bow be a friendly gift then,” Gao Yuan said; he was still unconvinced. However, he knew he was left with no other option since Feng Li had already made up his mind.

Feng Li said no more when he heard this, and only smiled in response.

After they had left, Shi Mu returned to his bedroom with the two big packs. He set one on the table and opened it. Inside, he found a square case made of wood; it was a few feet long.

He quickly opened the case, and found two gleaming daggers inside; one long and one short. The longer knife was a little over three feet long, and was slightly bent. Its handle was unusually long, and took up one-third of the entire dagger’s length. The shorter one was only a little over an inch long, and had an abnormally thin body. It was a strange looking narrow dagger, but it looked exceedingly sharp. It had a small iron ring at the end of its handle.

Shi Mu studied both the daggers closely, and then thumped the table with one hand.

Peng!

The abnormally thin dagger was immediately tossed from the table. Shi Mu caught it with his hand. Then, two piercing sounds were heard.

The dagger rolled in his hand after a tremble, and turned into a ball of cold light. Suddenly, the room was filled with cold lights. It was a sight that would make one’s hair stand on end.

Shi Mu shook his arm, and the dagger reappeared in his hand. It immediately darted to one of the table’s edges.

There was a dead silence in the room. The table had been cut… as if it was made of tofu.

Shi Mu was very pleased with the result. He was certain that the blacksmith had not been bragging. He had definitely used a large amount of cold iron to make these daggers. Otherwise, they would never have been so sharp.

Shi Mu grabbed the longer knife with his other hand. He nodded approvingly as he held it in the air. Then, he inserted the shorter dagger into the handle of the longer one, and twisted it slightly.

Crack! A crisp sound was heard.

The entire body of the small dagger had been immersed seamlessly into the longer one’s handle. There was no trace of the small dagger.

This was how the ‘Sun and Moon Dagger’ looked.

Shi Mu put them back in the case once he had played with them for a bit. He opened the other pack while his interest was still riding high, and found a light purple bow inside. Its length was half the height of an adult. His expression changed slightly on seeing the bow. He took it in his hand; he gauged its weight to be at least 25 to 30 kilograms.

The surface of the bow felt slightly cold. It was decorated with an intricate and delicate pattern which seemed similar the scales of a fish. It appeared to be made of a certain metal. The bowstring was crystal-clear, and was milky white in color; it glittered with silvery lights. The silvery lights seemed to have come from the silver wires that had been mixed into the material.

“What is this?”

Suddenly, Shi Mu had an idea. He held the bow with one hand, and pulled the string with the other.

Pff!

The long purple bow opened half way.

“A bow of purple steel!” Shi Mu blurted out the name in surprise.

He released the string from his fingers. The string rebounded as it penetrated the air. It let out a clear sound as it shook; the sound was similar to the sound of a dragon’s singing. The entire room resounded with a droning sound.



Chapter 30: The Intention to Leave

“Feng Li has sent me a really good thing,” Shi Mu muttered as he stroked the steel bow. A merry look appeared on his face. He completely failed to conceal, and as a result, it kept re-appearing.

He then lowered his head, and found a leather bag after looking around for a while. He had never seen this bag before. Surprisingly, he also found a bundle of light yellow arrows inside the bag. The arrowheads were made of black iron; they were tailed with neatly aligned black feather.

Shi Mu took out a long arrow from the leather bag and tried to gesticulate a few times as he stood in front of the window. He then put a nock on the bow. He could not wait any longer. Therefore, he strode out of his room with the bow and the bag of arrows.

He remained in the manor and practiced with the newly acquired purple steel bow for the rest of the day.

He had learned archery at the martial arts club when he was training. Therefore, it didn’t take him much time to learn how to use the purple steel bow. He could hit the target with 3 or 4 arrows out of 10 by the end of the day even though he would stand at a distance of 50 steps, and would only pull the bow less than half way. The people who went past him could not believe their eyes since the bow was only half open.

In the evening; inside a hall in the manor.

“Brother Shi, are you really going to the frontier fortress of the three prefectures to join the Jun Wu Hall?” Zhong Xiu asked with her eyes wide open in surprise.

“Yes. I will leave in a few days,” Shi Mu answered calmly.

“So what about me? And the manor?” the young girl asked confusedly.

“I asked Zhang Suo to sell the fields and the restaurant two days ago. As for you Miss Zhong… you have two choices. I can either take you to Auntie Zhen’s place; the Wu Family is plotting something against you, but they won’t take the risk of offending the Jin Family. Or, your other choice is to come with me. I remember you once told me that you have an aunt who is willing to accept you. You may have no relatives, but your mother has a distant relative in Qing Shui city of the Lu Long prefecture. That city is not far from the frontier fortress. Therefore, I will be able to take you to your aunt,” Shi Mu said. It was obvious that he had been considering this for a while.

“Brother Shi, can’t I just stay with you? You will need a maid to cook for you if you are going to a new place,” Zhong Xiu had lowered her head as she heard Shi Mu’s offer. She had then braced herself to speak. However, her voice was almost inaudible.

“Miss Zhong, you know that the frontier fortress is adjacent to the plains of the barbarian tribes who invade the regions frequently. Moreover, there’s always some war going on there. I may not have consented to Uncle Zhong’s last request. But the least I can do is make sure that you stay safe. How can I take you to such dangerous places? Besides, I’m going there for the sole purpose of joining the Jun Wu Hall. And it’s highly likely that I myself would end up living outside.”

Zhong Xiu’s face turned pale at Shi Mu’s answer. And she only lifted her head again after a long while.

“I’d better go and live with my aunt if Brother Shi can’t take me in,” she said as she bit her lips.

“Good. We can start making some preparations in the next few days now that you’ve decided. We can set off together that way,” Shi Mu said. He seemed satisfied with Zhong Xiu’s decision.

However, just when Shi Mu was gearing up to leave for Feng City the next morning… an unexpected event took place. His plan was completely disrupted as a result.

“What? You’re saying some guys are riding their horses on our fields, and are trampling upon our crops? Who would dare to do such a thing?” Shi Mu frowned as Zhang Suo reported.

“I can’t identify the others, but I know the leader. He’s definitely young master Tian, the son of the Fifth Master of the Jin Family. I’ve met him before. So I know I am not mistaken. What should we do Master? We’ve sold the fields, but we haven’t officially handed them over to the buyers. The buyers will refuse to take the fields if they are ravaged!” Zhang Suo said as he burned with a frenzied rage.

“Young Master Tian? You mean Jin Tian? Well, I’ll go see for myself,” Shi Mu said as his eyes grew cold and fierce. It had only taken him a brief thought to perfectly understand the identity of this ‘Young Master Tian’.

Shi Mu may not have had to leave the city if the Fifth Master hadn’t persuaded the Jin Family’s eldest leader to give Shi Mu’s Qi Ling pill to Jin Tian.

Although Shi Mu always remained calm, Jin Tian’s name made him angry. He went straight out of the manor and made his way to the large fields nearby.

He soon reached the edge of the fields. He saw that several glamorously dressed young men were chasing a fox on their big horses.

The fox was rather small, and was jumping nimbly in the farm. Hence, the men were unable to catch it despite their large number.

Shi Mu became furious seeing that the crops that had been trampled by the horses.

“Young master Shi, that man is Jin Tian,” Zhang Suo spoke-up once he had caught up with Shi Mu. He gasped for breath as he pointed at a blue-robed young man. The youngster had a flat nose.

Shi Mu cast a cold glance at the young man. He took long strides and walked to the middle of the farm.

Just then, the fox turned around abruptly in Shi Mu’s direction; Jin Tian followed. The other youths also rushed towards Shi Mu. They too were following the fox at great speed since they were trying to look after their leader. Their leader was the blue-robed young man. He seemed to have paid no attention to Shi Mu’s presence. However, his fellows slowed down their horses the moment they saw Shi Mu approaching. On the contrary, Jin Tian heavily whipped his horse as he continued to rush fiercely towards Shi Mu.

“Stop it, Jin Tian.”

“Do you know what you are doing?”

His acquaintance began shouting warnings in the hope of stopping him. However, Jin Tian sped on as though he had heard nothing.

Shi Mu narrowed his eyes as he saw this. He lifted one leg to kick the fox away. He then moved his shoulders to evade the charging horse; and then turned around and hit the horse with great strength.

Boom!

The blue-robed young man went flying more than three meters… along with his horse. He fell hard on the ground after that marvellous flight.

“Ah!” he uttered.

Jin Tian’s companions yelled at Shi Mu as they hurried to his side, “You bastard, you’re asking for death!”

Just then, the blue-robed youngster got out from under the horse’s body, and jumped onto his feet. He seemed to be unharmed. However, his torn-open shirt exposed something golden on his chest.

“He’s so strong! And yet Jin Tian is unharmed?”

“This is the Seventh Aunt’s step-son? He has such amazing strength!”

“I heard that he used to be the Top Practitioner of our city, but he seems to be rather ordinary.”

“Oh, Jin Tian is wearing the Golden Armor!”

“What? Fifth Uncle cherishes that armour almost as much as he cherishes himself! We can’t even touch it.”

These whispering young men were apparently part of the Jin Family. They let out a sigh of relief after making sure that Jin Tian was safe and sound. They then stopped their horses one after another to watch the scene.

“You bastard! You dare to challenge me? I’ll kill you!”

Jin Tian shouted as he tore his shirt while ignoring his companions’ reactions; glittering-golden armor could be seen underneath. He also drew his sword from his waist at the same time.

Shi Mu narrowed his eyes after he heard the curse and saw the cold light that was being reflected off the sword’s surface.



Chapter 31: The Tube of Flaming Wind

“Is Jin Tian really serious?”

“He’s wearing the Golden armor! He will certainly win unless he faces a Hou Tian warrior!”

“Haha, don’t you know his real intention? He brought us along for a hunt, and deliberately drove that fox into this field!”

“Haha, of course I already know. I just don’t want to embarrass him by revealing it. Look, he’s so angry with Shi Mu.”

These young men whispered and gloated over the explosive situation. They didn’t seem to care one bit if the two got into a fight.

A sharp noise pierced the air.

Jin Tian brandished his sword and rushed in Shi Mu’s direction. He then lashed two successive cuts at Shi Mu’s head.

However, the two sword shadows were cut in half mid-flight. The separation was so abrupt that very few were able to see it.

“Wow! Jin Tian’s ‘Shadow-Separating’ sword-play has reached this level!”

A young man remarked when he saw the technique.

The other onlookers also seemed to be amazed.

Peng!

Shi Mu displayed no intention to dodge. He moved one arm while his face remained expressionless. Shi Mu punched at sword shadow on the left. The left shadow turned out to be real sword.

Peng! The sword was flung out of Jin Tian’s hand. It was sent flying into the air, and then plugged itself into a nearby field.

Jin Tian loudly exclaimed in shock. He stumbled, and was forced to take a step back. The part between the thumb and the index finger of his hand had started to bleed since he had attempted to hold onto the sword.

Shi Mu left no time for his opponent to rest. He instantly shot his body ‘out like an arrow’ and rushed towards the young man.

He swung his big hands and slapped his opponent’s face twice — fiercely and mercilessly.

He hadn’t used his true strength. However, his current cultivation ensured that the slaps were powerful enough to beat Jin Tian into a spin.

Jin Tian stumbled and revolved twice. Then, he fell heavily on the ground — butt-first.

Both sides of his face had swollen-up, while his eyes seemed vacant. He was obviously unaware as to what had happened.

Meanwhile, Shi Mu had returned to his earlier spot in a flash. He was looking at his beaten opponent with cold eyes and folded arms.

The Jin juniors who had been laughing and discussing the situation fell into a silent and flustered shock.

“No way! How did he break the ‘Shadow-Separating’ sword-play?”

“Maybe it was a lucky guess!”

Jin Tian finally came to himself. He looked up and saw the man who had pushed him to the ground. His eyes were immediately filled with a frenzy of rage. He had turned red with boiling blood. He suddenly stood up from the ground and nearly flew to his sword. He let out a shriek as he pulled it out from the earth. Then, he wildly wielded his sword, and rushed at Shi Mu again.

However, he completely forgot to use his sword art. He seemed like a random lunatic who had wielded a sword.

Shi Mu snorted when he saw this, and confronted the sword empty-handed. His figure flashed to evade the sword without any difficulty. He then grasped the sword with a single hand. He did this at the speed of lightning, and comfortably took the sword from its owner’s hand.

Jin Tian was more than just startled. His bravado immediately receded, and his body subconsciously shot back.

However, Shi Mu did not move an inch. He held the sword at the hilt and the tip, and exerted force.

Crack!

The ‘glaring’ sword broke on the spot.

Shi Mu shook his wrist and the two pieces flew out like two glaring lights.

Jin Tian felt a cold breeze whizz past his ears. The two pieces had rubbed against his cheeks as they went past him. Two narrow wounds began to trickle-out blood from Jin Tian’s face as the pieces fell onto the ground in an upright position.

The Jin juniors who were watching the scene were flabbergasted by this sudden development.

However, the blue-robed young man burst into wild laughter when he realised what had happened. He wiped the blood trickling down his deathly pale face, and lowered his head to look at his injuries.

He laughed as he proudly questioned Shi Mu, “Would you really dare to kill me? You’re bluffing! What could you do to make me fear you?”

Jin Tian finished speaking, and then fumbled in his shirt. He took out a tube as big as his palm. It was glittering in a bright-golden color. There was a black hole on the front tip of the side of the tube; it was the size of a thumb.

“Jin Tian, have you lost your mind? You stole the ‘Tube of Flaming Wind’ from the manor!”

“How could you dare to do such a thing? That’s against our family’s rule! Don’t you dare involve us in this matter!”

“You will end up with broken legs if the Patriarch ever finds out about this!”

All the Jin juniors were frightened. They had grown pale when they saw the tube. Some of them shouted warnings after warnings to persuade Jin Tian; others began to whip their horses’ backs to flee.

It seemed as though the tube in Jin Tian’s hand was more terrifying than monsters and vipers.

“Humph! I won’t care about the punishment as long as I can avenge myself! Place me in confinement for three… or even five years! I simply don’t care!” Jin Tian gritted his teeth and cursed viciously. His cheeks had swollen up, and had been bleeding the entire time.

He pointed the tube at Shi Mu just as he finished cussing.

Shi Mu was unclear about the power of this tube. However, he gauged it to be dangerous to some extent because of the Jin followers’ twisted faces. He prepared himself since he had no intentions of confronting this attack with empty hands.

Therefore, he had rolled-on the ground, and had ducked behind the big horse at the time that blue robed youngster aimed the tube towards him.

“You bastard! Go to hell!” Jin Tian cried in a crazy voice. He then pushed a button at the end of the tube.

Something puffed out of the tube, and a blackish bullet rushed in Shi Mu’s direction at lightning speed.

“Goodness!”

“He did it!”

“Get off the horse!”

The Jin fellows were scared out of their wits when they saw this. Hence, they jumped off their horses as quickly as they could, and lay flat on the ground. Each one of them pressed their body close to the ground; none dared to move.

“Humph!”

Shi Mu did not flee. On the contrary, he let out a loud shout and grasped the two forelegs of the horse. He exerted strength and threw the huge creature that black bullet’s direction.

He stomped hard onto the ground simultaneously, and a small pit was formed.

Boom! A thunderous noise was heard. It was so loud that it almost shook the heaven and the earth.

The black bullet hit the horse at a distance of six meters from Shi Mu. And the horse immediately turned into an exploding blaze of fire. Masses of clouds rolled wildly in every direction, pushed by the scorching air that was covering the surrounding area of about ten meters. The clouds did not lift for a good breaths’ time.

Thud!

The body of the horse fell onto the ground. Half of it was already burnt. And the other half had turned into a blackish-coal like thing.



Chapter 32: Manslaughter

“Bastard, you’ll rot in hell!” Jin Tian cursed as he glanced at the spot where Shi Mu had been standing. However, he couldn’t see a soul there. Hence, Jin Tian burst into a triumphant and wild laughter.

Just then, a black shadow whizzed out of the pit where Shi Mu had ducked. The figure had already closed down the blue-robed man by now.

“Ah!”

Jin Tian was startled. But it was too late for him to dodge.

The figure let out a low shout as it pounded Jin Tian’s abdomen.

The golden armor he was wearing could reduce the attack’s power to some extent. However, Jin Tian still felt a horrible force transmitting through his armour. He uttered a terrifying cry as he knelt down on the ground — his hands tightly pressed against his stomach.

There was no doubt that the shadow was Shi Mu’s. In fact, he had narrowly escaped death.

He had stomped hard of the ground and had created a pit after he had tossed the horse. He had huddled himself in the pit when the bullet had exploded. He would have met the same fate as the horse if he hadn’t reacted so quickly.

Shi Mu had been scared after his lucky escape. But his fear quickly turned into anger as he thought about his close brush with death. He then strode to Jin Tian’s side. He lifted the youngster’s body with a single hand, and mercilessly slapped his face with the other.

Pa! Pa!

Jin Tian’s head swelled-up to the size of a pig’s. His eyes were pressed into two narrow slits, and he was unable to open them any wider.

“Stop it!”

“Shi Mu, do you want to kill him?”

The other Jin boys had been lying low on the ground, and had not come around until then. But they began to shout loudly after they saw what was happening. They started asking Shi Mu to stop. In fact, two of them even walked up to Shi Mu, and even made efforts to stop him from beating Jin Tian.

Shi Mu’s face grew sullen upon hearing all this. However, he thought of Auntie Zhen and Yu Huan. He snorted as he released his hold on Jian Tian’s shirt.

However, a trace of maliciousness flashed in Jin Tian’s eyes just as Shi Mu decided to let him off. Jin Tian lifted his arm and a silver crossbow-arrow was shot from his sleeve. It directly rushed for Shi Mu’s heart.

It was impossible for Shi Mu to completely evade the attack because of the short distance; but he moved rather quickly still. However, Shi Mu could only manage to twist his body in order to prevent the arrow from hitting his heart; he broke into a sweat!

Peng!

A loud noise was heard.

The silver crossbow-arrow hit Shi Mu in the chest. However, it unexpectedly made a clanging sound and rebounded after knocking against something metallic.

This took both Shi Mu and Jin Tian by surprise.

However, Shi Mu jumped the next moment. He lifted his leg and kicked Jin Tian heavily. He used all his strength this time since he was seething with a blinding rage. Jin Tian was thrown away even though the Golden Armor reduced some of the force. A ball of blood puffed out from his mouth as he fell down.

“I must kill him. I must kill him by all means!” The blue-robed young man had thought to himself when he was flying mid-air. His body was aching all over; his face was swollen like a pig’s and seemed twisted in anguish.

However, he had heard his companions’ screams just as he was about to fall on the ground.

“No!”

“Don’t you dare try to escape!”

The blue-robed young man could see the frightened expressions on his companions’ face. The two who had made their way toward him were now striding to approach him, as if trying to catch him in the air.

“That’s strange. Since when did I have so many friends who actually cared this much about me?”

It was too late to come up with an answer. His body had already hit the ground, and coldness had penetrated through his neck. A sword had run through his throat halfway… but his eyes were wide open. He tried to make some sounds as blood frothed around his mouth. His body twitched wildly several times before he finally lost consciousness.

The two young men who had been rushing towards Jin Tian halted at the sight. Their faces reflected fear as they watched the blood covered body of Jin Tian. His neck had been pierced by a half-piece of the sword.

Shi Mu was also at a loss when he saw Jin Tian’s end. A half-piece of the sword had plugged its way into the ground when Shi Mu had broken the sword; Jin Tian had fallen on the exact same spot. It almost suggested that his death had been doomed by the heavens. It could only have been his bad luck. He may have been seriously injured if the half-piece had met any other part of his body… but he wouldn’t have died.

“You just killed Jin Tian!”

“Fifth Uncle and our Jin Clan will never let you off!”

“We are no match for this brutal bastard! We must return to the manor and report it to our people!”

The Jin juniors were frightened out of their wits; their feet were frozen to the ground. They gaped at each other for a while, and only come to themselves when one of them shouted out the order. Then, a few of them drew out their weapons, while some got onto their horses and rushed away in the Feng City’s direction.

Those who had attempted to extract revenge quickly understood that they were no match for Shi Mu when they saw their fleeing companions. He stood in front of them with murderous eyes. To challenge Shi Mu with bodies which had been spoiled by long-comfortable lives was no different than bringing a lamb to a tiger’s den.

Hence, they too abandoned the attempt. They hurriedly got onto their horses, and followed after their companions.

Shi Mu had just started to realize what he had done. His face suddenly grew sombre as he saw the Jin juniors flee. However, he didn’t wish to chase them. He hadn’t killed Jin Tian intentionally. But he was awfully aware that the leaders of the Jin Clan would disagree; especially the Fifth Uncle. He would probably wish to avenge his son’s death by taking Shi Mu’s life.

It would be a sealed case even if Auntie Zhen might plead hard for him.

Shi Mu’s eyes hardened. He would never be willing to die this way… by letting others decide his fate.

Shi Mu felt quite uneasy as he thought further. It seemed that he would have to leave Feng City, or even Quan Zhou for the sake of his own safety… as soon as possible. He casted a glance at Zhang Suo, who had been frightened out of his wits, and prepared to the manor.

He was sure that from that moment on — he would be an escapee.

However, an idea dawned on him just as turned to leave. Hence, he abruptly went back to Jin Tian’s body.

“What? Are you serious, Big Brother? My beloved Tian is dead? He was killed by Shi Mu? Absolutely impossible!” The Fifth Master was gaping at his brother in the main hall of the Jin manor. He couldn’t believe a single word he heard.

The other five Jins who had witnessed Jin Tian’s death were also gathered in the hall, along with the eight Jin leaders. They clustered around the Jin leaders, and stood there motionless. Their faces were pale, and it seemed as if they were holding their breaths.

“Bring my beloved Tian’s body,” the eldest leader sighed as he waved to the servants at his side.

A body covered in a white cloth was carried into the hall by two servants. They set the body down in the middle of the hall.

The Fifth Master began to tremble uncontrollably at the sight… not daring to lift the cloth.



Chapter 33: To Flee in Desperation

“Is… is this really my beloved son?” the Fifth Master turned around, and asked the Leader of the family in a trembling voice.

“Brother… would I joke about such a thing? These men witnessed Little Tian’s death,” the Leader said slowly.

The Fifth Master was finally convinced as he heard this, and his face turned ghastly pale. He turned around, and looked down at the body again.

“Fushhh!” was heard.

A gust of wind blew the cloth off Jin Tian’s corpse, and revealed his twisted body. His body looked like a frightful ghost. Strangely, the Golden Armor that Jin Tian was supposed to be wearing was no longer there.

“My beloved Tian!”

The Fifth Master cried out as he saw Jin Tian’s swollen face and pierced throat. He clenched his fists, and let out a painful cry.

“Fifth Brother, I know you are devastated… I’ve heard everything from the boys. Jin Wu… tell your uncle what happened,” the Leader let out a sigh as he asked the eldest of the boys.

“Yes, Big Uncle. Fifth Uncle, this is how it went — Brother Tian asked us to go hunting in the suburbs this morning…” the young man began to recount the story again even though he was still in a state of shock. However, he had no other option since he was met with the cold eyes of the Fifth Master and the Big Leader.

The Fifth Master remained expressionless throughout the narration; his eyes were vacant. They only changed slightly when he heard that Jin Tian had stolen the Golden Armor from his manor along with the Tube of Flaming Wind.

“Brother, I’ve heard the entire story now. But, how do you plan to deal with the death of my son?” the Fifth Master asked as he heaved a deep sigh. His voice seemed to be composed.

“That’s difficult to decide. You know… it was our Tian who incited the mishap. He even stole the tube…” the Big Leader knit his eyebrows and said slowly.

“I don’t care what my beloved Tian did. I only know that I’ve lost my only son! And he was your nephew by blood as well! I will cut that bastard Shi Mu into pieces so that my poor child can rest in peace. I won’t recognise you as my big brother if you don’t help me in taking revenge!” the Fifth Master shouted.

“Fifth Brother! Have you lost your mind? You must be respectful when speaking to Big Brother!”

“Fifth Brother, we all know you are in pain. But we are the Jin Clan. We can’t afford to lose our manners; no matter how crazy the situation gets… ”

All the other Jin leaders tried to dissuade the Fifth Master since they saw that he was losing himself in grief.

“Humph! You all are talking like this because it’s not your son who was killed! I know you have reservations because that bastard Shi Mu is Seventh Sister’s step-son. But, I don’t care who that murderer is! I’ll do it myself if you don’t help me,” the Fifth Master glared at them defiantly. He seemed ready to risk everything.

The Leader’s face fell when he saw the malicious look on Fifth Master’s. However, just as he opened his mouth and was about to say something — an authoritative voice resounded in the hall.

“Well son. Will you disown your father as well if he stops you?”

“Father!”

“Grandfather!”

“Eldest Leader!”

The Jin Clan members were filled with respect and awe when they heard the voice. It belonged to the guardian of the Jin Clan — an Advanced Hou Tian Warrior.

The Fifth Master’s face had turned awe-stricken. He hurriedly answered, “Father, how could I have such a rebellious thought? It’s just that my beloved Tian died so miserably… How can I save my face in front of my family if I don’t take revenge for my son’s murder? In fact, the other big clans in the city will also laugh at our weakness.”

“Humph! You are the one responsible for Little Tian’s death! He couldn’t have dared to provoke a fight that could cost him his life if you hadn’t spoiled him so much,” the elderly man snorted disapprovingly; his voice was full of authority.

“Father, I know I was wrong. But please… could you allow me to fulfil my wish and take my revenge? I won’t say a word after that; no matter how hard you punish me,” the Fifth Master bowed to his father, and knelt to the ground. He banged his head on the ground, and continued to plead in a husky voice. Soon, his forehead began to swell up.

The elderly man pondered in silence for a while. Then, he finally made up his mind, “Eh, as long as you truly repent your folly… Jin Tian may have been wrong… However, he was still an offspring of the Jin Family. We can’t let the killer off… what will the other clans think of us otherwise? Eldest Son, send some men with the Fifth Son. Make sure that Shi Mu doesn’t see the light of tomorrow’s day. I’ll deal with his stepmother, my Seventh Daughter. …I will confine her to the manor for the next few days.”

“Yes, Father,” the Leader promised.

The Eldest Master didn’t say anything else. The others only dared to stand up; one after another.

“It is Father’s order. You can name whoever you want, Fifth Brother,” the Big Leader told the Fifth Master after he had given it a brief thought.

“Big Brother, I only need the Blood Hunters and the Blue Eagles since they are good at tracking; no other forces,” the Fifth Master answered without giving it a moment’s thought.

“Indeed, that’s appropriate. We don’t need Hou Tian warriors to deal with a mere Martial Disciple. I’ll lend you the hunters and the eagles,” the Leader nodded and promised without hesitation.

“Great! I think that the bastard has half a day’s lead on us. I’ll set off right now. I will take his life within the next few days,” the Fifth Master swore. He seemed quite pleased with the Leader’s answer. However, his face was twisted in malice.

Meanwhile…

Shi Mu was driving a grey carriage pulled by two black horses. He was about ten miles away from the city. He was making his horses run as fast as he could since the road was quite broad. The carriage was leaving trails of heavy dust in its tread.

The ‘Sun and Moon Dagger’ was secured to his waist. He carried the purple-steel bow and the pack of arrows on his shoulder. There was a trace of anxiety on his face.

“Brother Shi, you don’t have to take me with you. You’ll have a better chance if you flee by yourself,” a melodious voice came from the carriage. Then the curtain was drawn open; it revealed Zhong Xiu’s upset face.

“Don’t even think about that. If I leave you alone in the city… even if the Wu Clan doesn’t harm you… the Jin Clan will surely vent out their anger on you…” Shi Mu answered in a firm voice without turning his head.

“You can still drop me off midway. I can probably hide somewhere,” Zhong Xiu offered her suggestion after giving it some thought.

“Don’t underestimate the Jin Clan. No place will be safe for you as long as you stay in Quan Zhou. If I decide to drop you somewhere… then, it will be at some place outside Quan Zhou,” Shi Mu answered with a bitter smile.

“That’s true. But do you have any ideas now? We’ll be discovered by the Jin Clan sooner or later if we continue to drive on this main road,” Zhong Xiu spoke with a tender sigh.



Chapter 34: The Horses of Blue Wind

“We’ll reach the well-known Yun Xia mountain range if we follow this road and go west for another two hundred miles. That mountain range stretches over a thousand miles. It traverses the two prefectures of Quan Zhou and Yun Zhou. We’ll be safer once we enter the mountains,” Shi Mu answered readily. He had obviously made the plan beforehand.

“The Yun Xia mountain range? There’s no doubt that it’s a good hiding place. But we still have a long way before we get there. Do you think we can make it? Won’t the Jin Clan catch us on the way? …I’ve heard that all the big clans have special tracking horses. They’ll definitely beat our ordinary ones,” Zhong Xiu blinked her eyes as she answered. However, Shi Mu’s idea had certainly enlightened her.

“That’s beyond our capacity. We left immediately after Jin Tian’s death. So, we should have outstripped them by at least half a day’s journey. But, I’m not so sure whether we can make it or not. We can only try our best. Miss Zhong, be careful… I’m going to quicken the horses now. Hopefully, they can run until the last moment of this journey,” Shi Mu said in a serious tone.

Zhong Xiu could only draw the curtains shut and sit back in the carriage even though she was worried.

Shi Mu didn’t waste any time and began to whip the two horses fiercely. The two black horses let out a sharp neigh and started to gallop at an even higher speed.

The grey carriage soon turned into a black spot, and disappeared into the distance.

Meanwhile, a carriage covered entirely by a black cloth was progressing from downtown, and towards the west gate of Feng City.

The three horses pulling that carriage looked a bit strange. Their bodies were red in their entirety. And their hair looked like a blaze of fire. These well-known tracking horses were called the ‘Tracking Blaze Horses’. They could serve as riding horses as well, and could cover a thousand miles a day. They could also serve as fighter horses. They could even spout fire from their mouths when incited.

The cart-driver was a blue-robed man. He was sitting at the front of the carriage. He was wielding a shiny black whip. Three riders riding the same ‘strange’ horses were following the carriage.

One of them was the Fifth Master of the Jin Clan. He had a short beard and was wearing a grief-stricken look on his long face. One of the other two riders was wearing a yellow cotton robe. He was sitting on the horse like a giant monkey; his ears were sticking out… and his cheeks looked like that of an ape. The last one had an unusually large stature. He was wearing a long silver robe, and his eyes were bright and piercing. The three riders and the carriage were moving fast, as if in a great hurry. They passed through the west gate at full speed.

The monkey man would jump down every now and then. He would try to identify some fresh trails on the road. Then, he would mount the horse again, and they’d gallop away.

“The Fifth Master of the Jin Clan has set off with the hunters and eagles… Good! We shall depart from the North Gate now. We’ll take a detour and catch up with Shi Mu before them. They won’t be able to beat our ‘Fragrance of Qing Li’[1] even though they’re good at tracking. We’ve already scattered some of the tracking incense in Shi Mu’s cart,” spoke the leader of a group of ten riders who stood prepared near the North Gate. The leader was wearing an embroidered dress. He laughed when he heard the report from a servant.

“Third Uncle, please allow me to break Shi Mu’s legs if we catch him before the Jins,” a proud young man in the group asked ambitiously.

This group was made up of the Wu Clan’s men. Their leader was the Third Master of the Family —Wu Tong. The proud youth was Wu Hua; he had been engaged to Zhong Xiu earlier.

This had been quite a coincidence. The Wu Clan had been planning to kidnap Zhong Xiu after the enrolment test. Therefore, they had kept a watch on Shi Mu’s manor. Naturally, they were the first ones to get the news that Shi Mu had accidentally killed Jin Tian. Therefore, the Wu Clan was quite relieved now; they had been afraid of Shi Mu’s remote relations with the Jin Clan. However, all they had to do now was to reach Zhong Xiu before the Jin Clan.

Wu Hua’s participation was of his own will. The Wu Clan riders were riding peculiar horses. These horses had shiny blue hair. It seemed as if these horses were covered with a layer of shimmering blue light. These horses were famous for tracking and were known as the ‘Horses of Blue Wind’. It was said that this peculiar breed of horses had some blood relation with the Fox of Wind. Therefore, they could produce gusts of wind once they reached a certain speed. These were undoubtedly amongst the fastest horses around.

That was why the Wu Clan was so confident in beating the Jins when it came to finding Shi Mu.

The Wu Clan riders poured out from the North Gate a little while later. They took a detour which allowed them to get ahead of the Jin Clan’s trackers.

The other big clans and gangs had also received the news of the accidental murder of Jin Tian. It surprised many people. However, it was soon forgotten amid the ceaseless discussions about the enrolment test.

The day had grown dark… The grey carriage was still hurling on the road; but at a lower speed.

Small hilltops had begun to appear alongside the road. They seemed rather indistinct in the dusk, and were unusually quiet.

Shi Mu’s face was sullen as he whipped the horses. The two horses had reached their limits. They snorted hot air as they slowed down.

“Brother Shi, don’t do this. This won’t work anyway. The horses must be extremely tired after running without a break for so long. They must stop and take rest,” Zhong Xiu’s voice came from inside the carriage.

“Of course, I know that. But, every moment we waste allows our pursuers to catch us,” Shi Mu answered with a bitter smile.

“But it won’t help if you whip them to death. Let’s take some rest, and then go-on after feeding them something,” Zhong Xiu continued to urge.

“That sounds fair. Let’s take rest for a few minutes and eat something,” Shi Mu had to agree as he glanced at the two sweating horses.

He pulled at the rein, and the horses changed the direction. They rushed-off the road, and into the nearby woods.

However, they had underestimated the speed of the Wu Clan’s horses.

Shi Mu unleashed the rein as they neared the woods. Then, he helped Zhong Xiu get off the carriage. Suddenly, they heard galloping sounds coming from the road. It sounded like torrential rains were accompanied by faint wild laughter.

“Haha! The Fragrance-sensing beetle is reacting. They must be nearby!”

“Be quiet. Wait for me to capture Shi Mu. I’ll do it by myself.”

These pursuers came at such a great speed that Shi Mu could see them before they had even finished their conversation.

“Run! They’ve come!” Shi Mu realized what had happened as soon as he heard their voices. He grabbed Zhong Xiu by her waist and ran into the woods; as fast as he could.

The Wu Clan had caught up with Shi Mu in merely half a day with the help of their ‘Horses of Blue Wind’.

Their horses were a level higher than the Jin Clan’s ‘Tracking Blaze Horses’. The combination of the ‘fragrance of Qian Li’ and the ‘Horses of Blue Wind’ had allowed them to catch-up Shi Mu before the Jin Clan.

Notes:

Qian Li means ‘thousand miles’ or ‘long distance’.



Chapter 35: The Hunt in the Woods

The Wu riders didn’t take long to rush into the woods. A triangular-eyed middle-aged man was in the lead. He held a wooden case in his hand. It contained a pink beetle. It resembled a longicorn beetle. It flapped its wings incessantly as it ‘buzzed’ weakly.

“They’ve fled from here… as expected,” a man stepped forward. He snorted sardonically after he glanced at the deserted carriage and the two black horses. He seemed to be around forty years old, and was adorned in glamorous clothes.

This man was Wu Tong; the Third Master of the Wu Clan.

“Then what are we waiting here for? Go! Hunt them! We won’t let them off!” the proud young man behind the Third Master urged. He was overjoyed at finding Shi Mu’s trace.

“Ha ha! Just relax. They were in the cart long enough for the ‘fragrance of Qian Li’ to have soaked into their clothes. The fragrance will only fade away after an entire night has passed. What? You think we can’t catch a mere Martial Disciple in one full night? You two — stay here; watch the horses and guard Little Hua. The rest of you — come with me,” Wu Tong ordered his men as he grinned complacently.

The two Martial Disciples obediently bowed on hearing the orders, and took a step back towards their horses. The others drew their weapons and followed the man into the woods. They were all remarkably skilled even though they were only Martial Disciples. They moved with much agility in the darkness. Wu Tong wandered into the woods only after he had cautioned the proud young man.

Shi Mu was running at a fast pace; he still held the girl in his arms. Contact with branches had long-since torn his shirt; in fact, there were numerous bloody cuts on his arms and legs. However, this did not worry Shi Mu. He was still soldiering on; as if he felt no pain. He would abruptly change his direction after running a certain distance in order to make his routes as complex as possible.

The girl had curled-up in Shi Mu’s arms. She had her arms around his neck, and remained silent as she blushed faintly. A strange and irresistible sensation could be felt because of the dim starlight and the hazy mist. A strong temptation floated in the air owing to the faintly stirring fragrance the girl’s soft body emanated.

However, there was no time for Shi Mu to savour the beauty in his arms. Enemies were chasing him. He could only rely on his superhuman eyesight to find some good places to hide in. His body was moving through the trees like a leopard.

Suddenly, he rushed to a huge tree and hid behind it in the efforts to hear something. He took a deep breath and tilted his head to a side. Zhong Xiu’s eyes gleamed with affection when she lifted her beautiful face. It seemed as if she had lost herself for a while, for her eyes were fixed upon Shi Mu’s grave face.

Unfortunately, noisy footsteps mixed with some low curses were heard from their rear after a short while. Shi Mu’s color changed, and he turned around abruptly without a word. Once again, he began running as fast as he could; with the girl still in his arms.

“It was just as I had thought. They must possess some peculiar ways to track us. Otherwise, there is no explanation for how they were able to find us after we changed our routes so many times. Brother Shi, please put me down. You should run away alone. I’m a burden, and you’ll have a much better shot at escaping without me,” Zhong Xiu suggested in a low voice. She had come to herself when she heard the approaching footsteps.

“Miss Zhong, don’t bring this topic up again. I’m not a hero, but I’ll never leave a woman or a child in the way of dangerous enemies. Besides, Uncle Zhong had asked me to protect you in his last words,” Shi Mu answered without hesitation.

“But…”

“What’s with all the ‘buts’? My strength and stamina ensures that you don’t prove to be a burden. I have the ability to run all-night and still have some spare energy left. I’m only wondering if our pursuers are blessed with as much endurance,” Shi Mu said calmly.

“I see. Then, I won’t talk about this topic again. In the worst case… I will die with Brother Shi,” the girl spoke in the softest voice after hearing Shi Mu’s heroic proclamation. Her beautiful eyes glittered, and her arms gripped Shi Mu’s neck a little tighter.

However, Shi Mu couldn’t afford to lose himself in her gentle words. He had no option but to run. Suddenly, he stopped when he noticed something. The trees were increasingly thinner ahead, and one could vaguely see large patches of open fields. They had reached the end of the forest after having been on the run for so long.

“It’s too late for us to go on another route,” Zhong Xiu was surprisingly calm despite the desperate situation they were in. There wasn’t a speck of fear in her heart.

“It looks like I will have to fight them. Miss Zhong, please hold onto me as tightly as you can,” Shi Mu said to the girl with a sombre look on his face.

“Yes,” the girl said in an excited sound.

Shi Mu then darted to a big tree, and began to move his arms like an agile ape. Momentarily, he had climbed up a branch which was about fourteen meters off the ground. He placed the girl on the branch, and told her to hold on to it.

He then earnestly said, “Wait for me here. I’ll come for you if I succeed in killing the enemies.”

He finished speaking and ‘whizzed’ down from the tree. He then turned and ran back into the thick forest.

Zhong Xiu had no option but to lean against the branch. She stared in the direction where Shi Mu had disappeared. Her anxious face had turned rather pale. This made the blue birthmark on her forehead indistinct. She looked gentler than words could describe…

Shi Mu narrowed his eyes and abruptly knelt down after he had put some distance between Zhong Xiu and himself. He hid his body behind a thick bush. He raised his arm and grabbed the purple steel bow from his shoulder as he observed about ten black silhouettes running towards his spot. They were still over a thousand meters away.

The Wu Clan members could never have expected that Shi Mu would be waiting for them. No one would have thought that someone could’ve clearly seen them approach from a kilometre away; and that too on such a dark night. Unaware, the riders continued to run forward. Most of them were as tattered as Shi Mu since they had been chasing their target for over an hour. Their clothes were torn, and some of them had even started to grasp for breath.

Shi Mu lamented as he saw this. He realized that he could’ve easily outstripped them after running a longer distance.

He acted quickly even though this thought lingered on his mind. He took a long arrow from the pack over his shoulder, and proficiently nocked the arrow at the speed of lightning.

“The Fragrance-sensing beetle is reacting fiercely! We must be close!” someone shouted in surprise after a moment. All the Wu Clan members came to a halt.

One of them protested, “Reacting again? Younger brother, could something be wrong with the beetles? We haven’t been able to find a soul around us every time you have said ‘we’re near them’… How is it possible for this guy to run in such a manner the entire night?”

“Humph. We may be mistaken, but the beetle can’t be wrong. We haven’t been able to catch him because he’s very crafty. And it seems that we’re too slow! But judging by the beetle’s reaction… I don’t think he can escape this time. He’s exhausted. You guys just go and catch him. It will be better if we finish the task before Master Tong comes. Otherwise, Master Tong will definitely be upset by the outcome; especially after all this running…” the man with the triangular eyes replied bluntly; he still held the case in his hand.



Chapter 36: The Powerful Bow Eliminates the Enemies

The man with triangular eyes convinced his companions to split-up in pairs. They moved cautiously as they searched for Shi Mu.

Shi Mu couldn’t hear their conversation since they were separated by a good distance between them. However, that triangle-eyed man’s attire… the way he held the important-looking wooden case and the manner in which he spoke was enough to Shi Mu to gauge that the man was somewhat leading the group. Shi Mu’s eyes lit-up with a murderous glint. He decided to make this man his primary target. He was able to determine that his pursuers were Martial Disciple; same as him. There was no Hou Tian Warrior among them. This increased his confidence in his own prospects.

Shi Mu grasped the arrows in his pack and pulled out a handful. He plugged the arrows into the ground before him. Then, he paused to take a deep breath. A fit of cracking burst from inside his body. Momentarily, his arms grew twice as strong. He pulled the purple steel bow to full-draw; the bow was aimed at the men.

Meanwhile, the sound of cracking from inside his body had begun to travel far in the silence of the deep forest.

“What’s that?”

“Who’s out there?”

“Idiot! That must be Shi Mu. Move it! We won’t let the bastard flee again.”

The Wu riders recovered from the momentary shock. They were delighted to realize that Shi Mu was close. They began to charge in the direction of the sound; except for the triangle-eyed man. His face had a trace of a crafty smile. He was certain that only the gods could save Shi Mu this time since he had exposed his location.

There was a deafening explosion in the distance just as he was about to close the lid of the wooden case. The resulting gust of wind began to blow dust around him; in fact, it even pushed the triangle-eyed man back. He felt as if he had collided with a massive object; he felt rather cold in his throat.

Boom!

He collided with a tree and the large leaves fell like torrential rain. It was then that a shocking realization dawned upon him — he was dangling mid-air with a long arrow pierced through his throat. The fletched tail of the arrow was the only thing that could be seen sticking out of his throat.

The arrow had nailed the triangle-eyed man to the big tree… by his throat.

“Ah…” he groaned and struggled with his legs. He had lost his strength in its entirety over a short period of time. He could vaguely see his fellow companions getting shot one-after-another as he breathed his last breath — their bodies darted backwards with roaring sounds.

“It’s fine. At least I’m not going to Hell alone.”

The wooden case fell to the ground with its lid thrown open. The beetles began to flap their wings and flew out of the case. They then disappeared into the grass.

“Hurry up and escape! These arrows are too ferocious. Stone Zhao and the Big Kong have been shot dead.”

“No way! They’re too fast. How will we escape? The trees! Go back to the trees. Ah…”

“Shit! He has a strong bow. He’s using the draw-strength of at least forty pounds. He will even be able to penetrate the stones and trees. Hiding behind the trees won’t be of any help. Dog Sun and Wild Li just died right there. What should we do?”

“You fool! Just lie down on the ground.”

The Wu riders had vehemently charged in Shi Mu’s direction when the thunderous noises exploded. However, they were overwhelmed with panic now. They lay flat on the ground. No one even dared to move a finger. Shi Mu felt at ease as he picked up the next arrow. He aimed it at a spot which was over three-hundred meters away. He narrowed his eyes and pulled the bow wide. No other young man would’ve been able to keep his cool under a life-and-death situation such as this one.

“The younger Hu has been shot dead as well. Did anyone see the direction that the last arrow came from? There is no point in hiding unless we know where he is,” a surviving Wu rider asked fearfully. He was on the verge of breaking down.

“Brother Li, the arrows are too fast. I could only catch a slim shadow coming from straight ahead,” answered another lucky survivor.

“Good! I can save us as long as I know his position,” the aforementioned Brother Li said as he fumbled at his back. He produced a thick round leather shield in his hand when the wind hit again. He rolled on the ground, and crouched to a size that could be hid by the shield. He let out a fierce shout as he arched his back, and then charged in Shi Mu’s direction like a bull.

“Thank heavens! I had forgotten that the art of shield is Brother Li’s best skill. He can save us!”

“Prepare yourselves! We will charge once Brother Li has reached Shi Mu. We must kill the bastard as soon as possible,” the survivors began to rejoice at the promise of this prospect.

Thud!

Their moment of bliss was shattered by a dull sound. Then, a loud noise was heard. Brother Li’s charging body was blown twenty meters away. He had then crashed onto the ground; he didn’t make any sound.

“Goodness! It can’t be a bow of forty pounds. It must have the draw-strength of at least a hundred pounds. The leather shield will be useless. The only weapon that can resist these arrows is the black iron shield… Ah!” a Wu rider let out a terrified shout as he raised his head to look at Brother Li’s body.

But, he was struck by an arrow on his forehead. The brutal force made his body roll for a while. The others were frightened out of their wits as they witnessed the ghastly scene. They pressed their bodies as close to the ground as possible. They couldn’t think of fighting back. They were left wondering about how it was possible for someone to see through the dark forest from such a great distance. The fact that he hadn’t missed a single shot made them wonder if he was a superhuman archer — the ones who were rarely born.

Shi Mu didn’t do anything while the Wu riders lay still on the ground with their hearts trembling. This frightened them further. Eventually, one of them couldn’t control his fear anymore. He shouted, “You bastard! Don’t be so proud! You think you can flee because you have a fine bow and some shallow skills? Let’s see what happens once Master Tong arrives. He’ll skin you alive to avenge my companions.”

“Master Tong? You men aren’t from the Jin Clan?” Shi Mu said as he heard the name.

“Humph! The Jin Clan is on its way as well. It’s being led by Fifth Master himself. We reached you before them since our ‘Horses of Blue Wind’ are faster. You are dead meat! You may manage to save your dirty little life from us… but… you will never be able to escape from the Jin Clan’s tracking group,” the Wu rider loudly cursed at Shi Mu.

The other riders began to regain courage when they heard the spirit-lifting curse. They thought, “That’s right! We may not be able to hurt him, but Master Tong will certainly deal with him when he comes. This bastard won’t be able to handle a Hou Tian warrior like him.”

“I believe you mean ‘Wu Tong’ when you say ‘Master Tong’… Well, I’ll deal with him later. I’ll finish sending you guys to the Hell first,” Shi Mu said. He rushed out from a grove with a loud footstep. Then, he charged towards them at a blurring speed.



Chapter 37: To Slaughter the Enemies in the Forest

“Get up! That bastard isn’t using the bow anymore. He’s charging at us unarmed.”

Shi Mu’s feet made thundering sounds as he darted towards his enemies. It was clearly visible that he wasn’t wielding a weapon. However, the faces of the few remaining survivors lit-up with delight when they heard this news.

The two men in the front rose without a thought. They dashed towards Shi Mu like valiant conquerors. One of them wielded a spear; the other a saber.

The other three got off the ground so quickly that it seemed as if their butts were on fire. They then followed after their companions with sinister expressions on their faces.

They had been lying flat against the ground like overpopulated vermin. This transformation had come about after they had seen that Shi Mu had abandoned his bow, and had voluntarily come to present his life.

Shi Mu had been practicing his sprints over the hilltops. Hence, he felt as free as a leopard now that he was running in the open plains. He pounced on the two frontrunners before they even had the chance to distinguish his silhouette from the darkness.

However, they were the best-ranked among the Wu riders, and were able to dodge Shi Mu’s first attack. They separated and began to flank him in perfect coordination. One of them swirled his long spear to produce a myriad of after-images; the other wielded his saber and made a beeline for Shi Mu. Their weapons shrouded Shi Mu with their cold radiance.

Shi Mu snorted as he saw their formation. A spear’s after-images would never be able to faze him. Hence, he punched at one of the after-images.

A ‘boom’ sound was heard.

The great force of Shi Mu’s punch caused the Wu rider to drop his spear. He felt a burning sensation in each of his fingers as the spear flew away. He was pushed back three steps. His face was full of astonishment.

He had heard of Shi Mu’s superhuman force. But he still couldn’t understand how Shi Mu had been able to identify the real spear among its countless shadows.

Shi Mu drew the Sun and Moon Daggers from his waist. He stomped hard on the ground and focussed his attention on the sweeping cold light of the knives.

“Swish” “Swish” Six knife shadows blurred into one streak of cold light. Then, Shi Mu shook the daggers again. He threw out a swift seventh knife shadow as he quickly sidestepped to face the back of the saber-wielding Wu rider.

“Swish! Pop!”

A gaping and bleeding wound appeared on the rider’s neck. Then, his head fell to the ground and rolled for a while. The headless body spasmed like a headless chicken for a moment, and then fell down.

Shi Mu didn’t pause. In fact, he increased his momentum after he got rid of the saber-wielder. He bent low to the ground like a spring. Then, he sprung-out towards the spear-wielding man.

“No!”

The spear-man had barely managed to steady himself after Shi Mu’s punch. Therefore, he was scared out of his wits when he saw Shi Mu darting towards him.

He hadn’t been able to confront Shi Mu even when he had his spear. There was no way he could possibly win without his weapon. He immediately turned around to flee.

However, a howling gale rolled past him as he took his second step. A piercing coldness struck him in the waist. He had been cut into two halves! Warm blood gushed out wildly as the two parts of his corpse fell to the ground.

Shi Mu turned around; the daggers still in his hands. He stared at the surviving Wu riders with cold eyes.

The three survivors were frightened out of their wits after witnessing the gruesome end of their two companions. They had unconsciously stopped charging at Shi Mu. They stood not too far from Shi Mu, and looked at each other.

The man with a knife scar on the corner of his eye suggested in a low voice, “He’s too fast. Running will be useless. Besides, he’ll finish us off if we try to run. Let’s make a trap and wait for Master Tong.”

His companions agreed with him, and quickly gathered around him. The three of them arranged themselves into a strange formation and pointed their blue swords at Shi Mu.

“The Triangle Formation Trap?” Shi Mu murmured.

He strode towards the Wu riders with the Sun and Moon Daggers in his hands.

The three riders grew increasingly nervous as Shi Mu neared them. They shouted in terror before Shi Mu had even reached the prime position for attack. They activated their trap and quickly began to rotate between the three points of the triangle. They wielded their swords and produced layers upon layers of swords; these swords radiated outwards.

“I was expecting more from this useless trick,” Shi Mu laughed scornfully at his enemies’ last desperate attempt. Then, his hand shot out in a blur. The daggers’ six successive knife shadows flew out as one towards their formation.

Peng! Peng!

The ‘sword shadow screen’ was able to defend the attack. However, its density was greatly reduced.

The riders had realized how difficult it was for them to confront Shi Mu’s attack. They began to tremble and sweat in fear. Then, they frantically began to reconstruct the shadow screen in order to shield themselves.

“Formidable!” Shi Mu said in surprise.

He hadn’t only produced six cuts in one breath, but had also instilled immense strength in each of the cuts. This should have crushed the riders.

However, the three riders would’ve been mistaken to think that this strike was Shi Mu’s only attack.

Shi Mu took a deep breath and rotated his body. Then, he began to strike fiercely in all directions with the longer dagger. Each of the attack created five or six shadows. These shadows began to consolidate into a glittering silver spear. It rushed-out towards the three riders like a shark.

The clanging of swords sounded like the echoes of a rainstorm.

The three Wu riders shrilly cried out. Two of them even stumbled away. They had deep wounds on their chests. Their hands were sprouting blood from where they had held their swords. Their falling bodies suggested that the two men had begun their journey to the otherworld.

The sole survivor was the man who wore a scar on his bleeding face. He didn’t have any wound on his chest. However, he had lost the arm with which he had wielded his sword; blood gushed out insanely from his wounds.

He turned around and fled with all his strength; without even looking at his wounds.

Shi Mu glanced around after he had stopped rotating. He smiled coldly when he saw the fleeing man. He grasped a long arrow from his pack and pulled his bow back.

Whiz!

A faint hum of death was released as the arrow shot out from the bow.

The arrow pierced the scar-man’s body with a ‘pop’ sound. The man fell face-down on the ground.

Shi Mu strode over to him leisurely. He separated the man’s head from his body with the Sun and Moon Daggers.

Meanwhile, the bodies of the other two riders twitched as they lay dying in the pool of their own blood.

Shi Mu was about to kill them when his expression changed. Suddenly, he shot his body and dodged an incoming cold light.

The light went past Shi Mu and planted itself into the spot where he had stood. It was a 7.5 cm long knife.

“Master Tong, you have finally arrived. Come out!” Shi Mu said. Suddenly, he turned around and stared at a nearby tree. His expression sharpened as he prepared to confront this mortal enemy.



Chapter 38: Flying Eagle of the Ninth Heaven

“Oh! It was clever of you to identify me from such a distance,” a cold voice rang-out from behind the tree. A figure flashed in the darkness, and a man emerged. It was Wu Tong – the sole Hou Tian Warrior of the Wu hunting group. He was wearing a decorated uniform, and was carrying a weapon in his hand.

Shi Mu’s expression darkened with rage as he glanced at the weapon in Wu Tong’s hand.

Wu Tong was carrying the purple steel bow which Shi Mu had abandoned earlier.

It turned out that Wu Tong had been here from the start. He had remained silent throughout the fight so that he could steal the bow.

He hadn’t attacked because the bow required a force of at least 500 kg to open. Moreover, Shi Mu had taken the arrows with him. Therefore, Wu Tong had no way of taking a shot even if he could somehow open the bow using his real Qi.

“Your Excellency, you sacrificed the lives of your men for a bow that you can’t even open?” Shi Mu asked in a cold voice. He tightened his grip on the Sun and Moon Daggers.

“Humph! The members of the Wu family can buy and trash these servants as they want. But, I hadn’t expected you to obtain the bow of purple steel. Besides, you used it with such skill that even I had begun to feel threatened by your dirty tricks. This wondrous bow is way more important than these servants’ lives. Now, you can either offer your life in servitude, or die at my hands,” Wu Tong said in an indifferent tone.

“I have always been told that a Martial Disciple has no choice but to admit defeat in front of a Hou Tian warrior’s might. The only other option one could have is to break one’s back in an effort to curtail the enormous difference in power. I am prepared to see it for myself,” Shi Mu said with his eyes fixed on Wu Tong.

“Haha! I’m surprised to see a Martial Disciple speaking to me in this manner. I wonder if I should call you a ‘brave fool’ or an ‘ignorant frog’[1]. Come… I have a lesson to teach you. You will now learn the proper way for a fledgling Martial Disciple to behave in front of a true Hou Tian warrior,” Wu Tong said. He had been dumbstruck by Shi Mu’s challenge at first, but had then burst out laughing. He then threw away the bow.

Peng!

The huge bow sank into the trunk of a large tree. One end of the bow was several inches deep into the tree; the other end shook and thrummed with a low humming noise.

Then, Wu Tong’s hand reached-out and pulled the belt from his waist. He flicked the soft belt and it immediately transformed into a solid and straight sword.

Then, Wu Tong narrowed down the distance between himself and Shi Mu.

Shi Mu’s eyes were slightly narrowed. He tightened his grip on the Sun and Moon Daggers as he saw Wu Tong approaching. He then threw out seven blade shadows.

“Seven cuts! It’s true then… your ‘Gale Force Blade’ art is really exquisite. But today is your unlucky day. Someone who is even faster than you is here,” Wu Tong shouted as he shook his sword.

He produced seven shadows of his own. These sword shadows dispelled Shi Mu’s blade shadows before they even had a chance to assemble and become one. An eighth shadow broke through as the sword and blade shadows clashed. It dispelled chaotic energy as it flew towards its target – Shi Mu’s heart.

“Eight cuts in one breath!”

Shi Mu was astonished. He then focussed his attention on his blade-art so that he could shatter the approaching eighth shadow.

A thunderous noise was heard as they clashed.

Wu Tong’s sword let out a brutal energy, and it rushed towards Shi Mu’s hand at a lightning speed. Shi Mu’s shoulders began to tremble uncontrollably, and his body was forced to take half a step backwards. The strike left his hands numb.

Even Wu Tong didn’t escape unharmed on the other side of the collision. This was because of the great force that had rebounded from his sword. A trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, but quickly disappeared. He began to attack again by moving his wrist in a unique pattern. The upper end of his sword instantly became as flexible and agile as a viper. It went around Shi Mu’s blade and darted towards his throat.

This attack was so fast that most warriors would have only seen a streak of cold light flashing from Wu Tong’s sword.

However, Shi Mu’s abilities were exceptional; there was no other warrior with better eyesight. Yet, cold sweat began to trickle down his back when he saw the sudden attack; his heart started beating rapidly.

He turned his neck to the side and dodged the streak of cold light. However, it grazed his face and left a shallow wound behind.

Shi Mu was enraged. He rotated his body and struck out his arms to fire shadow blades at his enemy in continuation.

Wu Tong snorted with contempt at Shi Mu’s attack. Then, his body released a terrifying force. He shook his sword with both hands. Three sword shadows emanated from his sword as he shouted, “Mountain-Crushing Triple Strike!”

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three loud noises were heard.

The three strong sword shadows eliminated Shi Mu’s blade shadows. These sword shadows were much stronger than the previous ones.

Shi Mu stumbled three steps backwards as he found his body-rhythm disrupted. His hands were badly injured from where they had been holding the blades; blood gushed out wildly from his wounds.

Shi Mu had always come out on top while oppressing other Martial Disciples with his superhuman physical strength. But now, his opponent was crushing him in the same way he used to supress his own adversaries. So, one could easily imagine the anger and alarm of his heart.

He wondered if the energy swirling through Wu Tong’s sword had been his real Qi. If this was the case… then it was miraculous. If Shi Mu’s abilities and physical strengths were replaced by that of an ordinary Martial Disciple… then he wouldn’t have been able to survive till now.

Wu Tong was taken aback when he realized that those three strikes hadn’t been able to overwhelm Shi Mu. He hadn’t suffered as much as Shi Mu, but his hands were now sore and numb. Therefore, he wasn’t in the position to perform the same technique again.

“The Stone Monkey Bloodline has always been considered as the most useless bloodline in the Hou Tian level. But, it is a known fact that it can reinforce a Martial Disciple to withstand the force of 500 Kgs. It seems to be true… if I’m to judge by our fight so far. But, if you think that your bloodline can help you win a fight against a Hou Tian warrior… you are wrong,” Wu Tong said.

Suddenly, he leapt and soared five or six feet high in the air. He stretched his arms wide and rotated them. He looked like a huge eagle as he pounced on Shi Mu.

Shi Mu was caught off-guard by this eagle-like movement. However, he soon recovered and produced a large streak of cold light with the help of his longer blade.

Peng!

There was a huge collision between the sword and blade. This made Wu Tong spring upwards again.

Then, he pounced for the second time. Shi Mu was again forced to defend the attack with his blade.

Peng! Peng! Flap!

The two swords struck against each other seven or eight times.

Wu Tong’s body flew upwards with every strike; it seemed as if his body was weightless.

The force of Wu Tong’s strikes caused extreme pain in Shi Mu’s hands; such was the force of the blows that his hands started bleeding. Shi Mu’s feet also became heavy due to the pressure from Wu Tong’s blows. As a result, his feet were forced 2cms into the earth.

“Haha! Bastard, what do you think of my ‘Flying Eagle of the Ninth Heaven’ attack? How many more strikes can you take? You’ll have no regrets… since you are going to die because of this Hou Tian technique!” Wu Tong’s wild laughter rang in the air.

Then, his silhouette rotated once more as he attacked again. His sword gushed out shadows in Shi Mu’s direction; they were as many as the droplets in a tumbling waterfall.

Notes:

Relates to an old Chinese saying. The Frog at the bottom of the well.



Chapter 39: A Plan to Kill a Hou Tian Warrior

Shi Mu didn’t try to ward-off the incoming sword shadows. He crouched low to the ground, and then leapt-up to punch his enemy mid-air. He wore a black glove on his hand now.

“Haha… you fool! You’re courting death!” Wu Tong laughed loudly.

He manoeuvred the sword shadows. They scattered to avoid Shi Mu’s punch. Then, they united again into one streak of cold light, and continued to dart towards Shi Mu.

The cold light grazed Shi Mu’s shoulder. It didn’t penetrate into his flesh, but sliced through the cloth at his shoulder. A several-centimetre-long slit was created in the cloth. This slit revealed a glaring golden armor beneath.

“The Golden Armor!” Wu Tong exclaimed as he saw the armor.

However, he couldn’t spring-up again since there was no counter-force to launch him into the air.

It was precisely the moment Shi Mu had been waiting for. He grasped Wu Tong’s sword with his gloved hand. His glove was cut open, and his fingers began to bleed profusely. Shi Mu ignored this and said excitedly, “I’ve finally caught you! Let’s see how you escape now.”

A cold ray flickered in Wu Tong’s eyes as he realized that Shi Mu’s bleeding hand was clutching his sword. He shook his wrist to soften the sword. This was done with the intention to free the weapon from Shi Mu’s grasp and cut-off his fingers simultaneously.

Suddenly, Shi Mu shouted and threw out nine blade shadows from the Sun and Moon Daggers which he had been holding in his other hand. The shadows rolled out in quick succession at a lightning speed in Wu Tong’s direction. This attack was far superior to any of his former attacks.

“Nine cuts in one breath! You’ve really reached the advanced stage!” Wu Tong screamed.

He quickly let go of his sword. He then rolled ten meters backwards and landed heavily on the ground.

He had estimated that this distance would be out of the scope of Shi Mu’s attacks.

He had expected that it would provide him with a safe spot to steady himself and prepare for a counter-strike. However, this proved to be wishful thinking. A streak of cold silver-light flashed in front of his eyes before he had gotten a chance to find his feet on the ground. Then, the nine dagger shadows started to chase him just the way someone chases a maggot to crush it under their feet.

“No!” Wu Tong screamed.

He hadn’t expected this. He took a deep breath and steadied himself since there was no time to dodge the attack. Suddenly, a layer of blue shimmer emerged between his hands. He began to dissipate the dagger shadows by striking at them continuously.

Bang! Bang!

He managed to dispel most of the shadows with his hands. However, he missed one deadly shadow. It turned out to be the cold light of the actual Sun and Moon daggers. It sliced his shoulder and dissipated the blue layer of Qi. Wu Tong’s arm wasn’t cut off, but a several centimetres deep cut appeared on his shoulder.

Wu Tong sighed. He was about to take a step back when the handles of the Sun and Moon Daggers made a crackling sound. Suddenly, the two daggers went past his neck from either side.

A bleeding wound appeared on Wu Tong’s neck. He stared at the sharp daggers which had cut through his neck and then sunk into the earth near his feet.

He then discovered a thin black chain which had been cleverly attached to the end of the daggers’ handles. He hadn’t been able to see it since it had been camouflaged by the darkness.

“I would’ve given it my all if I had known that my life was at risk. Had it not been for the Golden Armour… or that goddamn chain… or those crafty tricks… or the blade art…” Wu Tong murmured.

Blood began to bubble-out from his mouth and neck. He made several efforts to press the wound tightly in an attempt to stop the blood from gushing-out wildly. However, his head dropped down and rolled over on the ground.

His big head was now tainted with dirt; his eyes were wide open. It seemed as if his dead eyes were brimming with unfulfilled grievances.

The thin chain then shook with a jerk as Shi Mu took the blades back in hands. The young man had managed to kill his enemy despite the distance of several meters between them.

Shi Mu gasped for breath as he sat on the ground in relief.

While the act of describing this confrontation took some time… the actual fight wasn’t very long. It took place within the span of twenty breaths. The pressure to face this Hou Tian warrior was far greater for Shi Mu than he had expected. Therefore, he had to use a lot more energy to deal with Wu Tong than he had used to fight with the Wu riders. If it hadn’t been for his plan to deliberately get cut by Wu Tong’s sword and then reveal the Golden Armour… then he would’ve had no way to force an opportunity to strike. The chain on the daggers had helped him to escape from the crushing strength of his enemy.

Shi Mu reflected on the events for a while. Then, he burst out laughing.

“Who would’ve thought that a mere Martial Disciple would be able to kill a Hou Tian Warrior? The others will probably argue that Wu Tong was at an early level of the Hou Tian realm. They might even say that I won because I used some crafty tricks. But still, I managed to kill him… a Hou Tian Warrior! I wonder if the messenger from Kai Yuan Martial Arts School would change his mind once he hears about this,” he said.

Shi Mu knew that he was mocking his own weaknesses by uttering these triumphant words. He was aware that the adrenaline rush from the fight still hadn’t left him.

Shi Mu then fumbled with his clothes and produced a small bottle. He took some ointment from the bottle and rubbed it on his wounds. The cooling sensation of the ointment lifted his spirits. He stood up and began to walk in the direction of Wu Tong’s body.

A moment later, Shi Mu held a jade case and a craftily designed belt in his hands.

There was no doubt that the belt was Wu Tong’s sword; the same one which the deceased had used earlier. Shi Mu opened the jade box and found a thick wad of silver notes. They amounted to seven or eight million silvers.

Shi Mu took the money for himself. He glanced at the messy bodies lying on the ground for the last time. Then, he sighed and turned away.

After a while, he had reached the end of the woods.

“Brother Shi, I’m so happy to see that you’re unharmed!” Zhong Xiu said as she hugged Shi Mu. She pressed her delicate frame against his hard-muscled body, and burst into tears.

“Miss Zhong, please relax. We’re free from danger now,” Shi Mu said.

His body stiffened, while his mind went blank as he inhaled the faint flowery fragrance coming from Zhong Xiu’s body.

“Oh! I’m sorry, I forgot my manners. Brother Shi, what should we do next?” the girl asked. She blushed as she regained her senses. She loosened her arms and took half a step back.

“That’s simple. We’ll return to the original route,” Shi Mu replied without any hesitation.

On the other end of the woods, Wu Hua leant against the cart as his mind wandered casually.

A couple of Wu riders had been asked to stay and keep an eye on the horses. They were doing their job alertly.

Around ten ‘Horses of the Blue Wind’ were grazing leisurely near them.

Suddenly, there were two loud explosions.

The two riders were shot dead by two feathered arrows before they even had the chance to react. Their bodies were thrown backwards on the ground with great force as the arrows penetrated their foreheads. There was no trace of life left in them.

“No!” the young man leaning against the cart shouted. He reacted quickly and darted towards the horses.

He had only been able to take a few steps when a third arrow pierced his back and nailed him to the ground.

Wu Hua screamed as he desperately tried to pull the arrow out from his back. However, it seemed as if the arrow was a part of the earth and was as immovable as the mountains.

Suddenly, the sound of footsteps emanated from the woods. Shi Mu appeared with the purple steel bow in his hand. Zhong Xiu followed close behind him.

“It’s you! That’s impossible! How did you manage to escape from my third uncle’s hunting party? Please don’t kill me… I can be a perfect hostage for you. If you don’t harm me… my uncle will let you go… and will even provide you with a horse,” Wu Hua cried out in terror as he saw the two people he hated the most; they were walking out of the woods, and towards him.



Chapter 40: The hawks and Hounds Show Up

“That’s unnecessary! I’ll send you to Wu Tong soon enough,” Shi Mu said with a stony face. He then drew out the Sun and Moon Daggers from his waist, and separated Wu Hua’s head from his body.

Zhong Xiu’s face became pale as she witnessed this scene.

However, Shi Mu’s remained as calm as always. He reached out and hooked the best two ‘Horses of the Blue Wind’ to the nearby cart.

Shi Mu and his newly acquired grey cart was back to speeding on the main road moments later.

Dealing with Wu Tong had been a very tough task for Shi Mu. The deceased was a low level Hou Tian warrior; he could only imagine the might of an intermediate Hou Tian enemy.

He had heard that the Fifth Master of the Jin Clan had long surpassed warriors like Wu Tong. Therefore, he didn’t dare to get distracted, and remained vigilant.

Meanwhile, Jin Clan’s party trailed about 15km behind them as their ‘Tracking Blaze Horses’ galloped with a frenzy. Three snow white eagles with emerald green heads flew a few Kilometre ahead of the Jin clan’s team. Their majestic wings stretched long and wide as they cut the wind with a smooth and peaceful vigor.

The grey cart arrived in front of an unending mountain range as the horizon started to lighten in shade. One really couldn’t tell the extent to which these mountains ranges stretched.

Shi Mu abandoned the cart without a second thought, and then darted into the mountains with Zhong Xiu.

The Jin Clan’s fighters arrived at the same spot two hours later; they were astonished to discover Shi Mu’s abandoned cart.

The Fifth Master was riding one of ‘Tracking Blaze Horses’. He was enraged as he noticed the deserted cart and the two ‘Horses of the Blue Wind’. He then ordered two of his men:

“Let the eagles fly a little lower and release all the dogs. That’ll assist us in the chase!”

The tall servant in-charge of the eagles nodded. He took out a silver whistle, put in his mouth, and then blew on it.

This was followed by an ear-piercing whistle noise as four harsh notes resounded. The three eagles that were flying at high altitude immediately spread their wings, and dived down. They then started to hover above their heads.

The servant in-charge of the dogs had ears similar to that of a monkey. He jumped off his horse. He went to a black carriage and opened its door. Five dogs immediately dashed out of the cart. Each of these dogs was as huge as a calf.

These huge dogs had green eyes, and their bodies were hairless and red in color. Exceptionally sharp teeth could clearly be seen inside their fierce mouths.

Then, the dog-servant threw a grey shirt on the ground. The dogs immediately sniffed the shirt and issued a low-pitched howl.

Suddenly, the dogs started to run, and then disappeared into the mountains.

“Hurry up and follow the blood-dogs while they still have the scent of the shirt’s owner,” the dog-servant said with delight.

“Well, my effort to go to that bastard’s house and look for his frequently worn clothes proved to be worthwhile. Now, let’s go!” the Fifth Master said with a grim expression on his face.

Then, he jumped off his horse and took the lead as they follow the hunting-dogs into the mountains.

The two servants followed him closely.

The cart-driver was the only one who stayed behind since he’d never had any sort of martial arts training.

Shi Mu’s posterior appeared motionless in comparison to the magnanimity of these mountains’ stretch as he walked deep into the mountain; he carried Zhong Xiu on his back. Suddenly, they heard a crisp cry from the sky. Shi Mu couldn’t help but raise his head to look.

He was surprised to see a rare snow white eagle circling them above the canopy of the mountain forest.

Shi Mu continued his journey. However, he was unsettled since he was aware that the uncanny eagle was following them. In fact, its cries were getting louder and shriller with each step.

“This eagle’s behaviour doesn’t seem natural. Miss Zhong, can you please get down…” Shi Mu said without a second thought.

“Brother Shi, be careful.” Zhong Xiu was tired and drowsy as she lied on Shi Mu’s back. However, Shi Mu’s words suddenly sobered her up, and she started to worry.

Shi Mu nodded and wielded the purple steel bow he had been carrying over his shoulder. He put an arrow in place as he prepared to shoot.

“Whoosh!” suddenly, a sound ushered through the air. The eagle screeched as it fell down from the sky like a shooting star, and crashed some distance away.

“Okay; time to move on.” Shi Mu felt relieved upon the death of the bird. He put his bow away and smiled to the girl.

Another cry was heard soon after this dead eagle’s faded away into silence. Shi Mu saw two more white eagles fly their way from the distant sky. However, they swirled around in the nearby-sky without approaching-on.

Shi Mu’s expression changed as he saw the two eagles. He picked the girl up in his arms and rushed to the next hilltop.

“What’s wrong? Did someone send those eagles after us?” Zhang Xiu asked in confusion as she held onto Shi Mu.

“Yes. I was once told by Butler Cheng that the Jin’s have something he called the ‘tracking eagles’. They have green heads, and can travel as far as a thousand miles per day. They are always paired with blood-dogs,” Shi Mu answered while still running at his top speed.

He could hear the air howl around his ears as he ran through the mountains; his speed was no slower than a horse’s.

“Did you say Blood-Dogs…?”

“Aaooo….”

A fierce and uncontrolled pack of dogs was heard growling behind them while Zhong Xiu was decrypting Shi Mu’s words.

A group of massive red hunting dogs emerged out of a grove about three hundred meters behind them before they could comprehend those noises; they then started to follow them.

“Haha! There you are bastard! I’ve finally found you! You dared to kill my only son?! Even skinning you alive won’t be enough to subside the hatred I have for you!” behind the dogs was a middle-aged bearded man. He was carrying two golden sticks in his hands. Behind him were his two servants; they wielded a saber and a sword.

These men were undoubtedly the Fifth Master and his two servants.

Shi Mu had started two hours before them. However, carrying Zhong Xiu had caused his speed to decline. Moreover, the Jins had an added advantage with the eagles and the dogs since they had helped them by finding their way to him without any detours.

Shi Mu analysed the situation. His heart ‘thumped’ as he realized that he didn’t have a chance of outrunning the enemy.

He immediately put Zhang Xiu down and whispered, “You’ll have to go alone for now. I’ll take care of these people.”

“No. I will stay here with you. I can’t go far without you. It’s okay as long as I die with you,” Zhong Xiu protested with a calm expression on her face; she hadn’t moved one inch from her spot.

Shi Mu couldn’t help but feel moved by her words. He looked deep into her eyes. He took a moment and then slowly replied, “You can stay if this is what you truly wish for. But you must hide yourself well to avoid distractions while I fight the enemy.”

“I’ll hide behind that large boulder. Be careful, Brother Shi!” Zhong Xiu nodded. She then turned away and ran to hide behind the boulder.

Shi Mu took a deep breath. He then raised his arms and wielded the Purple-Steel bow again.

Meanwhile, this delay had allowed the chief of the blood-dogs to come within 50-60 meters of him.



Chapter 41: Fight As If Life Depends On It

There was a loud explosion.

The blood-dog at the front jumped. However, a blood spot abruptly emerged on its body. It let out a painful cry as it’s body flew backwards. A ‘bang’ sound was heard as Shi Mu’s arrow nailed the dog to a small tree.

The other four dogs were startled but they didn’t get any time to react. Two more arrows came flying and pierced through the foreheads of two dogs. The dogs couldn’t even mutter a cry as they fell to the ground.

“That’s the Purple Steel Bow! Command the rest of the dogs to hide!” The Fifth Master was surprised to notice the purple steel bow in Shi Mu’s hand. He immediately shouted his order as he saw the dogs getting butchered.

Training these blood-dogs wasn’t easy even with the Jin Clan’s wealth.

The dog-servant felt a raging pain in his chest as he saw three of his dogs die. He obeyed the Fifth Master’s order, and commanded the dogs in an ear-piercing voice.

The remaining two dogs immediately turned around. One of them crazily ran to a nearby bush and the other jumped behind a big tree.

“Whoosh!”, “Whoosh!” …two muffled sounds were heard.

The blood-dog that had rushed towards the bushes was shot in its neck with an arrow. Its body flew backwards with the impact.

The other dog howled at the sight. However, an arrow penetrated through the tree trunk and nailed the dog to the ground.

Shi Mu had killed the five blood-dogs very quickly.

“I’ll kill you,” the Dog-servant’s eyes reddened with rage. He shouted and darted in Shi Mu’s direction on all fours — like a beast.

The Dog-servant had personally raised the five blood-dogs; they were like his own sons. He lost his reasoning power when he saw his sons being killed by Shi Mu. He could only think of tearing Shi Mu apart with his own hands.

The Fifth Master was furious as he saw the Dog-servant rushing towards Shi Mu. He hurriedly shouted, “You fool! Come back.”

But the warning fell on deaf ears. The servant crawled on the ground like a frantic wild beast, and zigzagged his way towards Shi Mu with great speed to pin him down.

Shi Mu saw this with a dignified face. He silently stretched one of his arms backwards and grabbed three arrows. His fingers moved on the bow-string very fiercely. Yet, the movement of his fingers seemed as smooth as that of someone playing a piano.

Three loud noises were heard in quick succession as three arrows lashed out from the giant bow; the seemed to have formed a black line in the air.

Suddenly, the Dog-servant jumped-up to avoid the first arrow, and it flew-past beneath him. Then, he twisted his waist to avoid the second arrow as it flashed past his ear. However, he realized that he couldn’t escape the third arrow.

The third arrow pierced through his left eye. He flew backwards for a long distance, and then collapsed on the ground.

The Fifth Master was enraged as he witnessed the scene.

Some more sounds were heard in the distance. Three more arrows lashed out with incredible power. However, this time the target was the Eagle-servant who stood beside the Fifth Master.

The Eagle-servant had witnessed the deaths of the five blood-dogs and the Dog-servant. He got scared when he realized that the arrows were aimed at him. He immediately fell to the ground and shouted, “Save me!”

The Fifth Master snorted coldly as he saw this. ‘Swish’ ‘Swish’ ‘Swish’. He shook his gold stick with his hands and struck the incoming arrows.

There was a loud noise as the arrows snapped. The three arrows were broken into six, and fell to the ground.

“Useless person; leave me alone. I’ve personally come to handle this lowly bastard,” the Fifth Master scolded the Eagle-servant. Then, he jumped forward; it almost seemed as if he was flying. Each of his jumps covered no less than 15-20 meters. He moved as if he was as light as a feather; he had covered over 70 meters of distance in the blink of an eye.

Shi Mu’s pupil shrank as he saw this. One of his hands stretched-out to his back to grab the arrows. He pulled out three more arrows.

Bang! Bang! Bang! There were three loud noises.

The Fifth Master unexpectedly hit the three arrows with the gold stick in his hand

For the first time… Shi Mu felt defeated. He inhaled in a cold manner to control his anger. He finally understood the difference between the might of a ‘beginner’ and a ‘mid-level’ Hou Tian warrior. Then, he subconsciously reached to his back to grab more arrows. But it was of no use now.

Shi Mu was shocked to realize that his arrow sack was empty; he was left with no arrows.

Now, the fifth master took several leaps again. He was now at a distance of thirty meters from Shi Mu.

It was too late for Shi Mu to think of a plan. He clenched his teeth and threw away the purple steel bow. Then, he took out the Sun and Moon Daggers from his waist belt. He then forcefully stomped on the ground and ran towards the Fifth Master. He shook his wrist and tossed nine blade-shadows.

“Humph! Nine cuts in one breath! You’ve been able to perfect the skill at last. But you’ll still have to die today,” the sound of the knife-shadows was overshadowed by the Fifth Master’s icy voice.

Then, a deafening gong-like sound was heard. The golden stick struck the nine shadows and dissipated them.

Shi Mu felt a burning sensation in his hand. The energy emitted by the gold stick was twice as intense as the energy from Wu Tong’s sword. The web between his thumb and fingers was ruptured as the ‘Sun and Moon’ daggers rocketed out of his hands with a ‘swish’ sound.

A gale blew as a golden monster-like image appeared in front of Shi Mu; it was headed straight towards his face.

It was too late for Shi Mu to dodge the attack. He shouted as he raised his arm. He then punched the golden stick.

A ‘Boom’ sound was heard.

Shi Mu’s punch diverted the golden stick’s trajectory, and it landed on Shi Mu’s shoulder.

Shi Mu felt as if a mountain had crashed onto his shoulder. He stepped backwards as he felt an insufferable pain piercing his heart.

“Well! The Golden Armor you’re wearing belonged to my son. That’s why you’ve been able to resist my strike. That’s good in a way. But get ready to taste the ‘Blood Palm’ skill that I’ve been practising since many years.”

The Fifth Master had been shocked and disappointed to find Shi Mu’s bones intact after the blow from his stick. However, his confusion was cleared when he saw the Golden Armor beneath Shi Mu’s rags. But this obviously infuriated him further.

The Fifth Master dropped the gold stick. His body flew upwards-and-across several meters and came closer to Shi Mu. Meanwhile — Shi Mu’s hand had become red. It had swollen to nearly twice its size regular size. His palms had started to stink from the bleeding; in fact, the smell was so bad that it would’ve made a person’s nose to crinkle in nausea.

Shi Mu stood to face this strange attack head-on. He made no attempts to avoid it — on the contrary, his eyes flashed with frenzy. Suddenly, he roared and shook his wrist. The thin chain wrapped around his wrist burst out with a jingling sound. This chain had previously been attached to the hilts of the Sun and Moon Daggers.

His hands had lost the Sun and Moon Daggers previously. However, they suddenly shot back towards Shi Mu. They spiralled in the air to form a silver-ish disk. This giant and fierce disk seemed ready to behead someone.

This Silver Disk charged towards Shi Mu and the Fifth Master of the Jin Clan. Its momentum was so fierce that it seemed as if it would cut the two of them into two pieces each.



Chapter 42: The Line between Life and Death

It was impossible for a Hou Tian warrior like the Fifth Master Jin to sustain a fatal injury from such a trifle attack.

However, he didn’t much choice but to face this attack. Suddenly, he twisted his body. He flickered like a willow leaf as he floated mid-air and swiftly dodged the attacks. He then tossed up the golden stick that lay beside him with one of his legs.

A ‘boom’ sound was heard.

It wasn’t clear what material the golden stick was made of. But, the Sun and Moon Daggers were made from cold iron and were reputed as being ‘unbreakable’. However, they were instantly crushed as they clashed with the golden stick.

The expression on Shi Mu’s face changed as he saw this. He shook his wrist, and the thin chain rolled back-up. Shi Mu grabbed the remaining half-blades.

The Fifth Master seemed fearless. He attacked again, and tossed the golden stick in Shi Mu’s direction. The golden stick transformed into a golden light as it progressed. The Fifth Master floated as he followed the golden light himself.

This swift move left Shi Mu dumbfounded. Suddenly, he flicked his wrist and shot nine blade-shadows at the golden light.

A deafening ‘clang’ was heard.

The golden light slightly trembled and changed back to the form of the golden stick.

Shi Mu groaned and took a few steps back due to the impact of the collision. His daggers had been broken into shards. His arm was worse as it had become soft; it was just dangling from his shoulder. Shi Mu seemed to be in shock.

The Fifth Master laughed, and went closer to Shi Mu. His huge sleeve flashed a blood-red palm. The palm dashed towards Shi Mu to hit him in his head. The inevitable couldn’t seem to be avoided now.

Shi Mu roared and moved his uninjured arm to punch the Fifth Master’s charging palm.

“Haha… Get ready to die!”

The Fifth Master saw this and laughed wildly. Then, he moved his red palm with such energy that a visible layer of red fog started to float above his palm.

Shi Mu’s uninjured arm got close to the Fifth Master’s red palm. Suddenly, his fingers moved and revealed a sharp dagger; it stabbed the red palm.

The Fifth Master screamed as his red palm hit the dagger in Shi Mu’s hand.

Shi Mu groaned as he was sent flying at an unstoppable speed. Two trees were uprooted on the way, and he finally stopped after hitting a mountainous boulder.

Shi Mu vomited blood as his body rolled down on the ground. He couldn’t even stand up for a while.

The Fifth Master was filled with fear and anger as he saw Shi Mu’s dagger protruding out of his palm, and his facial color reddened.

Suddenly, he shouted, “You bastard! You’ve ruined my Blood Palm. I will break every inch of bone in your body.”

He had pulled out the dagger from his palm before he even finished speaking. Then, he placed his fingers on the acupuncture points on his palm. Suddenly, he started to walk towards Shi Mu with big strides.

Shi Mu resisted the acute pain in his arms as he looked up at the long face of the approaching Fifth Master. His face muscles twitched to reveal a mocking smile.

Shi Mu had realized that he couldn’t confront a mid-level Hou Tian warrior.

The Sun and Moon Daggers had shattered to form a screen of broken blade-shards between the two enemies. Shi Mu had used this opportunity to conceal a dagger in his sleeves for later use. Then, he had been able to surprise and injure the Fifth Master’s palm.

But, the power of the Blood Palm was far beyond his expectations.

He had originally planned to use this concealed dagger to destroy the blood-palm. He would then use this opportunity to counter-attack the Fifth Master with all his might and defeat the same. However, the blood-palm attack had sent him flying backwards helplessly.

There was no trace of strength left in any part of his body. His arms were broken in several places. He couldn’t pose a threat to his enemy in any way.

Shi Mu was discouraged since he had no hope now. The Fifth Master came near Shi Mu, and kicked him without saying a single word.

‘Bang’ a strange noise was heard.

Fifth Master Jin’s foot seemed to have hit a solid object, but Shi Mu was thrown thirty feet backwards. His face was pale. However, the Fifth Master wasn’t able to break his breastbone as he had expected.

“Hey, what are you hiding?” the Fifth Master snorted.

Then, he walked up to Shi Mu again.

“If you want to kill my Big Brother Shi Mu… then kill me first.”

A graceful figure rushed-out from behind a nearby boulder, and stationed itself between the Fifth Master and Shi Mu; it arms were stretched open.

Zhong Xiu had been watching the fight from her hiding-spot.

When she saw Shi Mu sustaining a serious injury, and realized that he couldn’t get up… she came out of hiding without any fear of the Fifth Master.

“You ugly girl! I will kill you if that’s what you wish,” The Fifth Master addressed the girl in a grim manner; it was obvious that he had no regard for her. He fiercely hit the girl across her face with his palm.

There was no need for a middle-level Hou Tian warrior to use his real Qi on an ordinary girl. This blow was sufficient to kill the girl even though he hadn’t used his Blood Palm.

“Stop!” Shi Mu shouted.

The look on Shi Mu’s face changed as he witnessed the scene. He made an effort to twist his body in order to get up from the ground. But halfway through his effort… he fell down on the ground again with a ‘pop’ sound.

The Fifth Master felt even more relieved as he saw this. He then clenched his fists the Real Qi within his body started to arouse.

Zhong Xiu had intended to abandon her life. However, her face became pale as she saw the mountain-like palm rushing downwards. She closed her eyes in fear. She felt her body getting covered in strange heat. Suddenly, she started to issue an ear-piercing scream.

A ‘boom’ sound was heard.

The Fifth Master seemed to be hit by a powerful force as she screamed. His body flew backwards and somersaulted three or four times before it finally fell to the ground.

“Bloodline! You possess a bloodline!”

The Fifth Master stared at the girl and cried out. He raised his head and spat out blood.

A warrior with as much experience as him could tell in a glance that this girl didn’t just possess a bloodline, but her bloodline was an extremely rare one.

He had become somewhat hesitant even though he was highly enraged.

But he immediately remembered his son Jin Tian’s dead body and the damage done to his ‘Blood Palm’; a skill he had been practicing for ten years. His eyes flashed with an ominous glint as he floated towards the girl.

Zhong Xiu had stopped screaming. She opened her eyes blankly, but didn’t seem to know what had just happened.

“You wish to kill a third-grade Bloodline Warrior — the ones born only once in a millennium? If this is the case… then I’ll have to send you to the next world.”

The cold voice of a woman was suddenly heard.

A ghost-like silhouette of a woman wearing a white cloak flashed in front of Zhong Xiu. She rushed towards the Fifth Master as she raised her slim white hand.

A ‘pop’ sound was heard.

A white expanse of mist and cold air rolled out, and the Fifth Master was transformed into a sparkling ice-sculpture.



Chapter 43: Ye Hong Yao

Zhong Xiu and Shi Mu were shocked as they saw the scene unfold.

Then, the woman turned around and removed her head-cloak to reveal a charming and beautiful face. She appeared to be a 37-38 year-old woman. Her raised eyebrow gave-off a cold aura.

She looked towards Zhong Xiu with fiery eyes.

“I was out for my daily errands. But, I didn’t expect to meet such a fine treasure in this manner. What’s your name? Where do you live? Why was this person trying to kill you?” the woman murmured. Then, she asked Zhong Xiu the same questions in a pleasant manner. She didn’t even cast a second glance at Shi Mu who stood behind Zhong Xiu.

“Ma’am, my name is Xiu. I and my Big Brother used to live in the Feng City. But, we committed an offence against the Jin Family. So, we had no other choice but to escape from there that very night,” Zhong Xiu loosened herself and answered truthfully. She had found this woman to be kind and amiable.

“The Jin Family is very small and insignificant. Would you like to join our Wonderful Sound Sect? It’s one of the three strongest sects in the Da Qi Kingdom. We have countless followers and a depository of every kind of Martial Arts technique. Our sect possesses the wonderful ‘Art of Thousand Jade Sound-waves’. Once you reach the Consummate Stage in this art… you will be able to enter into the ranks of the legends of this land,” the woman said in a single breath. Her voice grew more and more amiable as she looked at Zhong Xiu attentively.

“One of the three strongest sects! The Wonderful Sound Sect! I need to think about it a little… But firstly, can you please look at Big Brother’s wounds?” Zhong Xiu had started to speak in a confused manner. Then suddenly, she seemed to have remembered Shi Mu’s injuries. She then started to plead with her.

“What could possibly go wrong with such a tough boy? He has merely lost some of his power, and both of his arms are broken… that’s all. Oh! The wounds caused by the Blood Palm can become a trouble…. But, forget about it. Luckily, I have a little medicinal Dan with me… So, this shouldn’t be a problem.” The cloaked-woman was startled as she heard Zhong Xiu’s words. Then, she turned in Shi Mu’s direction. She briefly looked at Shi Mu and spoke in a casual manner.

Suddenly, a small white bottle flew out of her sleeve and fell near Shi Mu.

Shi Mu was delighted as he heard the cloak-woman’s words. He raised his hand to seize the small bottle. Suddenly, his face became pale and bean-sized sweat bead appeared on his forehead.

Both of Shi Mu’s arms were broken. So, one could easily imagine the pain he felt when he tried to exert his arm.

Zhong Xiu saw this and walked hurriedly towards Shi Mu to pick up the bottle. She inverted the bottle to pour out the fiery aromatic red medicine. Then, she carefully took it near Shi Mu’s mouth.

Shi Mu opened his mouth and swallowed the medicine. Suddenly, he felt a surge of heat flowing through of his body; it quickly spread throughout his limbs. The itching and pain in his ‘purpled’ wound that had been caused by the Fifth Master’s palm disappeared.

The medicine lifted Shi Mu’s spirits. He looked at the ice sculpture of the Fifth Master in shock. He couldn’t help but secretly guess the realm of this woman’s cultivation.

Zhong Xiu was still gazing at Shi Mu’s face with great concern.

The cloaked-woman noticed Zhong Xiu as she looked at Shi Mu. This caused her eyebrows to wrinkle. She looked at Shi Mu for several minutes. Suddenly, an idea crossed her mind. She said slowly, “This is the secret medicine of our sect. This medicine doesn’t only heal internal injuries miraculously but also greatly helps a person with his cultivation.”

“Ma’am, I thank you for all your help,” Zhong Xiu looked at Shi Mu’s face, which seemed much better now. She then cried out in happiness as she spoke to the cloaked-woman.

“Miss Xiu, don’t take offence… but I wish to check your bloodline first. Going by what you have demonstrated… I believe that you possess some special bloodline. But, it will be better if we conduct a test with the help of the device… just to be sure,” the cloaked-woman seized the opportunity to express herself.

“Well… please go ahead with the test, Ma’am,” Zong Xiu looked at Shi Mu as she nodded her head.

“Well… I just happen to have a Ruyi[1] with me to check the bloodline. It’s more accurate and effective than the other devices. It can accurately determine your bloodline with just a drop of your blood,” the cloaked-woman was delighted as she heard Zhong Xiu’s words. She immediately took out a jade Ruyi from her sleeve; it had a white handle, and a ‘Jade Top’.

Zhong Xiu bit one of her fingers and walked up to the clocked-woman. Then, she discarded a drop of her blood on the Ruyi.

Suddenly, the Ruyi diffused a layer of pale golden light. It then issued a swirling and melodious sound… like that of a cry of a phoenix. Then, a strange white text began to emerge out of its surface.

The cloaked-woman looked down to read the white characters that came out of the device. Then, she said with joy, “This surely can’t be a mistake. You possess the third-grade ‘Sound of Phoenix’ bloodline… You possess the bloodline of the founder of our sect. Only this bloodline has the ability to reach the Consummate Stage of the ‘Art of Thousand Jade Sound-waves’.”

“I possess the third-grade ‘Sound of Phoenix’ bloodline?” Zhong Xiu murmured when she heard the cloaked-woman. There was a sense of uncertainty on her face.

“Miss Xiu, I am Ye Hong Yao. I am the current head of the ‘Mist Cabinet’ in the Wonderful Sound Sect. As the official representative of the Wonderful Sound Sect — I ask you… on behalf of the elders of the entire sect — will you be willing to join the Wonderful Sound Sect? If you agree… then you and I may have the same status upon your admission. This means that you will occupy the highest place among all the young scholars in our sect; regardless of your status in the outside world,” the cloaked-woman said excitedly. She didn’t even care to maintain a dignified look as she said this.

“If I follow the teachers of the sect… then will I be able to become as strong as you?” Zhong Xiu couldn’t help but ask.

“If you really practice the ‘Art of Thousand Jade Sound-waves’… then even if you are able to clear the basic levels… you can run amuck beginner-level Xian Tian warriors. How can I even compare?” Ye Hong Yao answered without any hesitation.

“I don’t have a place to go to… Big Brother Shi Mu, what do you think I should do?” Zhong Xiu was excited as she heard the cloak-woman’s words. But still, she turned towards Shi Mu and whispered to him.

“Ma’am, are you a Xian Tian warrior?” Shi Mu pondered for a while. Then, he finally expressed his doubts in front of Ye Hong Yao.

“You have an unexpected strength of vision. I am indeed a Xian Tian warrior,” the cloak-woman replied proudly. Though, she was quite surprised by Shi Mu’s guess.

“But I’ve heard that there are a very few Xian Tian warriors in the entire Da Qi Kingdom,” Shi Mu said hesitantly.

“The commoners don’t know many Xian Tian Martial warriors. The ones they know are ones on whom the Da Qi Kingdom has bestowed the title of ‘National Guardians’. But, the three major sects are not taken into account. We have nothing to do with the Da Qi kingdom. We only send some help when the country is in grave danger; danger which the commoners’ world can’t retaliate to. In fact, the Da Qi Kingdom was established by our three sects to achieve a balance amongst us. We have the power to annihilate them if they dare to offend us,” Ye Hong Yao answered with contempt. It was clear that the title of ‘National Guardian’ meant nothing to her.

“So… I believe that all the strong warriors are in the sect,” Shi Mu blurted out after he had listened to the woman in amazement.

“Naturally… This is also true for the other two sects. But if Miss Xiu joins our sect… she’ll become an advanced Xian Tian warrior owing to her talent; sooner or later,” Ye Hong Yao answered without a thought.

“If this is the case… then the Wonderful Sound sect is an exceptionally good place for you, Miss Zhong. You should go with the Madam,” Shi Mu spoke in a single breath, and in an awe-inspiring manner.



Chapter 44: The Black Token

Ye Hong Yao was very pleased to hear this.

“I will go to the Wonderful Sound Sect. But, I hope that Madam will allow Big Brother Shi Mu to come with me,” Zhong Xiu nodded her head as she said this.

Shi Mu’s heart jumped crazily when he heard this.

His heart was overjoyed at the thought of joining this Sect since it was even stronger than the Da Qi Kingdom.

Ye Hong Yao pursed her eyebrows when she heard this. She took her time to answer. She eventually shook her head and said, “Everything else is easy to handle… but I am afraid that this is out of question. If one possesses a bloodline or has an extraordinary talent… then the person is suitable for the Sect’s ‘merit’ rule. Otherwise, the Sect only accepts women… not men. The Elders of the Sect accept a very few male disciples; it is a law. I may be the head of a Cabinet, but I still can’t dare to break this rule.”

“One needs to possess a bloodline? Brother Shi has a bloodline!” Zhong Xiu hurriedly added when she heard Ye Hong Yao’s words.

“What? You too possess a bloodline? What is your bloodline? I will check your bloodline as well.” Ye Hong Yao was surprised at first. Then, she became a little sceptical.

“Ma’am, you don’t need to check my bloodline. I have the wasted blood of the ‘Stone Monkey’. I’m afraid it’s a useless bloodline in your eyes,” Shi Mu forced a bitter smile.

“Wasted blood of the Stone Monkey…? If it’s so… there’s no hope for you to enter the Sect,” Ye Hong Yao eased-up as she said this in a gloomy tone.

“Then… I won’t join the Wonderful Sound sect either. I want to stay with Brother Shi Mu. Big Brother Shi Mu has saved my life. I can’t abandon him midway to join a Sect,” Zhong Xiu spoke resolutely.

“Miss Zhong, you don’t need to do this,” Shi Mu was emotionally moved as he heard Zhong Xiu’s words.

Zhong Xiu shook her head. She didn’t speak another word. However, she continued to look at Ye Hong Yao with pleading eyes.

Ye Hong Yao started to have a headache when she saw this. Then, an idea crossed her mind. Suddenly, she asked the both of them, “Ah! I almost forgot to ask… Who among the two of you has the Black Turtle Sect’s black token?”[1]

“The Black Turtle Sect? The black token?” Shi Mu and Zhong Xiu looked at each. Their gazes soon turned to that of dismay.

“Ah, let it be. I’ll try to find out on my own,” Ye Hong Yao quickly realized that they didn’t know what it was. She then smiled and flipped her hand to reveal a yellow colored talisman. She tossed into the air, and it started to operate with a ‘pop’ sound.

A strange noise started to emanate from the pit of Shi Mu’s stomach. It seemed as if something was shaking inside his clothes.

“Ah… Miss Zhong, please help me in taking this out,” Shi Mu looked down at his stomach with a foolish expression on his face. He was confused at first, but he then realized something.

The young maiden beside him hummed in response. She reached into his shirt, and pulled something out.

It was a jet-black token. Its surface was engraved with delicate decorative designs. It seemed to be ancient and had a sense of mystery to it.

Zhong Xiu was astounded when she saw the token.

A peculiar grin appeared on Shi Mu’s face.

Shi Mu had obtained this token from the corpse of that zombie he had slayed when he had first met Zhong Xiu and her father in that ancient temple.

This object was exceptionally tough. It had already saved him twice.

Shi Mu had confronted Jin Tian in a field near his manor. This metal token had then saved from him Jin Tian’s dagger. The second time was only moments ago… when Fifth Master Jin had kicked Shi Mu… this metal object had absorbed a significant amount of the impact.

Was this the metal token Ye Hong Yao had asked about?

Shi Mu wondered as he looked at the token carefully.

Ye Hong Yao extended her hand and took the token from Shi Mu. She briefly inspected it, nodded her head and said, “Yes. This looks like the token Weird-Old Sun’s murdered disciple used to carry. Where did you get this?”

Shi Mu hesitantly told her about how he had killed the zombie.

Zhong Xiu added some minute details from time to time.

“Your story seems to be in order. This disciple was practising the famous Zombie Art as per Weird-Old Sun’s communication. This disciple was preparing to breakthrough a bottleneck. So he decided to leave for the mountains… The Spirit Lamp that he had left behind in the Black Turtle Sect went-out shortly after he left. This alerted the Elders of his unfortunate demise. A few days ago, their sect realized that the token had reached the area controlled by our Wonderful Sound Sect. Thus, they sent me this talisman, and requested me to look for this token. Looks like his disciple failed to make the breakthrough. His attempt must have devoured his body and transformed him into a zombie. This is good news for your brother, Miss Zhong,” Ye Hong Yao quickly analysed and explained with a smile. However, her last sentence seemed to carry a hidden meaning.

“Ma’am, the meaning of your words…” Zhong Xiu had vaguely guessed. However, she wasn’t sure if she should ask.

Shi Mu’s eyes lit up lightly.

“It’s quite simple. We don’t recruit many male disciples, but the Black Turtle Sect doesn’t have such rules. Moreover, their sect has many laws that strengthen one’s body. Young brother carries the wasted blood of the Stone Monkey, but his physical strength is indeed extraordinary. I have an idea! You should personally return this token to Weird-Old Sun. That should help you in forming a positive impression on him. In addition, I’ll personally write to Weird-Old Sun. I’m sure the Black Turtle Sect will accept you,” Ye Hong Yao explained with a smile.

“So, that means that I’ll be separated from Brother Shi Mu,” Zhong Xiu commented after she had listened to the idea. Her face reflected her heart’s disappointment.

Then, Shi Mu said, “Well, youngsters should listen to their elders. I will go to the Black Turtle Sect.”

“Well, I’ll write a letter for you, and I’ll give you a talisman as well. You must go to the Kai Yang City in the Zhao Prefecture. Light-up the Talisman when you reach the ferry-crossing point of the river that flows next to the city. Someone will take you to the Black Turtle Sect from there,” Ye Hong Yao instructed. There was a trace of a smile on her face. But she couldn’t allow Zhong Xiu to hesitate again. Hence, she immediately turned around and took out a jade talisman. She placed it above her forehead. She then lowered her head as her lips chanted something. She then handed that black token and a talisman to Shi Mu.

Zhong Xiu didn’t reconcile, but she didn’t oppose either.

“Thank you, Ma’am.”

Shi Mu’s mouth thanked the woman. However, his face suddenly revealed an expression of embarrassment since his hands weren’t able to perform the accompanying gesture.

“Oh! I almost forgot that you can’t move your arms. How about this… I’ll give you this charm as a present. This should work on your arms,” Ye Hong Yao saw this and took out two blue charms. She flicked her wrist and they started to weightlessly float in the air. They then pasted themselves onto Shi Mu’s arms.

The two charms began to issue an unpleasant light soon after. The decorative design of seemingly ‘living creatures’ on the surface of the charm began to wiggle.

Shi Mu felt an unusual heat penetrating into his broken arms. This ultimately turned into an irresistible itch.

“This ah…” Shi Mu gently exercised his finger. An astonished expression was spread across his face.

“I spent a lot of effort over these two charms. But its value is nothing in front of you. Well children, I have some important matters to attend to. Let’s start with our respective journeys,” Ye Hong Yao was itching to be on her way. But she patiently waited for Zhong Xiu and Shi Mu to say their parting words. Then, they set off on their respective journeys after exchanging brief words.



Chapter 45: The Multi-Decked Ship

Two months later… in the Zhao Zhou[1] Prefecture located in the southern part of the Da Qi Kingdom… on the bank of the river flowing outside the Kai Yang City…

The sky had just started to light-up. Thin and scattered mist was still shrouding the area. Not a soul was in scene near the ferry-crossing. However, people started to gather in groups of twos and threes soon enough. The crowd soon included people who were on foot; their gorgeous clothing had fluttered in air as they walked. There were others who wore coarse clothes, while some had arrived from afar on horses.

Each of these groups consisted of at least one young boy or girl. The elders in most groups looked very dignified. However, the youngsters would look exceptionally excited.

More than 40 people had gathered at the ferry-crossing in about a-quarter-of-an-hour. There were a total of about 15-16 youngster amongst this group.

Surprisingly, only the occasional noise of whispers could be heard despite the increasing number of people. Most of the people were standing quietly.

Moreover, the density of the fog had gotten thicker in the surrounding areas; in fact, there was near-zero visibility.

It soon seemed as if the number of people had started to decrease. Almost no one was visible as time progressed.

Almost everyone had an anxious expression on their face by the time it was noon.

Then, a ‘rumbling’ sound was heard. It came from the river; however, its source didn’t seem very distant. The thick fog started to surge upwards. It seemed as if a number of monsters had rushed out from inside the river.

The spirits of the people at the crossing suddenly rose. They gazed at the scene with their eyes wide-open.

The fog slowly dispersed and a huge ship emerged. The ship consisted of several decks. It was about 20 meters in height and 200 meters in length. The ship slowly made its way towards the ferry-crossing point.

The crowd suddenly became restless. There was sense of excitement on everyone’s faces.

The ship came to a halt in the deep-waters about 25 meters away from the departure point of the ferry-crossing. Then, someone emerged from the ship. He seemed to be floating in air; the tip of his toes seemed to be touching the water surface. The person then jumped towards the ferry-crossing point with a ‘whooshing’ sound.

Everyone started to shout. In fact, every last person was asking their question with a sense of utter excitement, “May I dare to ask if you are the emissary of the Black Turtle Sect?”

“May I know the surname of the emissary? My grandfather was also a disciple of the Black Turtle Sect.”

“Can we see the emissary’s token?”

“Shut up everyone. Since you’re all here… why don’t you just show me your recommendations? It’s your good fortune that the doors of this Sect have been opened for you. You either board the ship quickly; or you stay here,” The person who had jumped ashore was a thirty-year-old man. He was clothed in blue robes. The man was irritated to see the chaotic scene. Hence, he had started to shout at the crowd.

The gathered people were angered when they heard these words. However, they all quieted-down soon.

“Now… that’s good! You all have arrived here since the Sect’s messengers have inspected your qualifications. You are all eligible to become a lower house’s disciple in the least. But, you will need to go through a series of additional tests to know whether you’re capable of entering the upper houses of the Sect… Now, the candidates shall come to me with their tokens. Don’t be slow and come fast. I have other places to go,” the blue-robed man shouted in a rude manner.

The people in the crowd started to look at each other when they heard these words.

A thin and weak-looking teenager was the first one to walk towards him. The rest of the youngsters and elders discussed for some time. They then followed him.

The blue-robed man held a simple copper mirror in his hand. He used it to inspect the candidates. A faint white-light would flicker in the mirror whenever a person was inspected. The intensity of this illumination would vary from candidate to candidate. However, the blue-robed man was least interested in the results of his inspection.

The inspection of those 15-16 youngsters was completed very quickly; they all stood behind the blue-robed man now.

“It seems that there are just these many people…”

The blue-robed man’s eyes swept across the crowd; he was about to say something… Suddenly, a faint sound of footsteps emanated from the mist. Then, the silhouette of a person was seen progressing towards the ferry-crossing.

Everyone gazed at the figure as it walked-past everyone.

The youngster was looked about 15 years in age. He was dressed in black robes. This person had dark skin and was exceptionally tall; he almost had the look of an adult. He carried a huge bow on his back, and a blade that was tied to his waist.

The tall teenager had been shocked to see so many people on the ferry-crossing.

The blue-robed man didn’t say anything. He just flashed the bronze mirror he held in his hand at the teenager. Suddenly, there was a loud ‘pop’ sound. Then, a bright light flashed in the sky.

“Why have you come so late?” the blue-robed man grunted as he waved to the black-robed boy.

The black-robed teenager was somewhat confused. He looked at the youngsters who stood behind the blue-robed man. He then asked hesitantly, “Sir, are you a senior member of the Black Turtle Sect?”

“Nonsense! I am not a senior of the Blue Turtle Sect. You come here now,” the blue-robed man became impatient. Suddenly, he raised his arms and grabbed the teenager.

The black-robed teenager was alarmed at this. His hand reflexively moved to grab the hilt of the blade that was tied to his waist. However, he something suddenly crossed his mind, and he refrained from pulling-out the blade.

There was a loud ‘bang’.

The blue-robed man grasped the teenager’s shoulders again. He shook the teenager up and down, and then placed him at his original spot. He then grabbed a seemingly twelve year old girl as well.

He then swung his arms and threw them in the ship’s direction despite its distance from the shore.

“Aaaa…”

The girl screamed as they were thrown towards the ship. ‘Bang’ ‘Bang’ their feet landed stably on the deck of the ship moments later.

The young girl’s face became pale and her legs started to tremble.

However, the black-robed boy just swallowed a cold lump of air.

The blue-robed man seemed ordinary. However, the force with which he had tossed them towards the ship was indeed amazing. The black-robed boy felt that his decision to enter the Black Turtle Sect wasn’t wrong.

The black-robed boy was obviously Shi Mu. He had rushed from Quan Zhou Prefecture, and was travel-worn.

Ye Hong Yao had given him a letter and charm that very same day. She had been quick about everything, and had then left with Zhong Xiu. However, she had broken the Fifth Master Jin’s ice statue before she left.

Shi Mu hadn’t dared to stay in that place, and had left the Yun Xia mountain range. He had later found a place to take refuge and had tended to his injuries for a fortnight. He had then rushed day and night to reach the ferry-crossing at this time.

However, he hadn’t burnt the talisman after he saw so many people. Though the blue-robed man was claiming to be from the Black Turtle Sect… But, Shi Mu had felt that something was wrong.

Moreover, he had been thrown to the ship by that huge man before he could even realize what was happening. He was surprised; so much so that he seemed to be suffering from a spell of speechlessness.

The blue-robed man stood on the shore, and kept tossing boys and girls on the floor of the deck; he was practically treating them like sandbags. Then, he sprang from the shore and landed on the floor of the ship.

“Set sail!”

This command wasn’t given by the blue-robed man; it was given by someone who wasn’t within their line of sight.

The multi-decked ship swayed as it started to move. It left the vicinity of the ferry-crossing and sailed towards the distant and misty waters.

“Well… now… report your names and the places of your origin. I want to count the number of people and enter the details into the register,” the blue-robed man instructed with an expressionless face. He then took out a thick register from the sleeves of his robes.

Notes:

Zhou means prefecture. But it makes more sense to pair it with prefecture since that’s the popular term of reference.



Chapter 46: Mistakenly Aboard the Wrong Ship

“Han Xian Xiu… the third daughter of the Han Family of the Chaun Zhou Prefecture… recommended by the Senior Emissary Kong Yue.”

“Zhang Da Li… I belong to the Zhang Village near the Feng City in the Zhong Zhou Prefecture… recommended by the Senior Emissary Zhao Huo.”

All the boys and girls earnestly stated their names and ancestry; as well as the names and surnames of the emissaries who had recommended them. Then, it was Shi Mu’s turn to do the same.

“Shi Mu… I belong to the Feng City… recommended by the Emissary of the Wonderful Sound Sect – Senior Ye Hong Yao,” Shi Mu said after a moment’s hesitation.

“What? Ye Hong Yao of the Wonderful Sound Sect? It’s very rude of you to amuse yourself by saying such nonsense,” spoke the blue-robed man fiercely. His head was lowered since he had been writing the details in his register. But, he raised his head in anger and as he heard Shi Mu’s words.

“A person from the younger generation wouldn’t dare to do that. I have the letter that Senior Ye Hong Yao wrote to Weird-Old Sun; as well as the black token.” Then, Shi Mu took out the letter and the token, and showed them to the blue-robed man.

“Weird-Old Sun? You’re referring to Master Sun Tian Long of the Upper House or the Outer Xuan Tian Hall’s Old Sun?” the blue-robed man’s face was blank as he asked in a doubtful manner.

“The person from the younger generation isn’t sure about this,” Shi Mu replied frankly.

“So, you aren’t here to participate in the Sect’s tests. You’re instead a disciple of the Wonderful Sound Sect?” The blue-robed man didn’t take the letter and the black token. Instead, he asked this; a strange shade was visible on his face.

“The person from the younger generation is here to join the Black Turtle Sect. The letter provided by Senior Ye Tong Yao is to be treated as a letter of recommendation — as this person from the younger generation mentioned earlier,” Shi Mu forced a smile on his face.

The other boys and girls were astonished to hear Shi Mu’s words. They all gathered closer to peek.

The blue-robed man’s eyes flickered a few times as he heard Shi Mu’s words. Then, he suddenly waved his arm and hit Shi Mu’s hand. The letter and the black token were sent flying. Then, he said ferociously, “Well, since you’re here to join the Sect… I don’t have anything else to say. This letter of recommendation is a wasted paper in my eyes… regardless of whoever wrote it. All of you go to the lower deck. And stay there. It’s my command that you’re prohibited to come to the upper deck. I will punish anyone who dares to violate the order.”

The other boys and girls didn’t dare to defy the blue-robed man’s order when they saw the fierce look on his face. They all nodded in agreement.

Then, a tall servant emerged from hold of the ship[1]. He wore grey clothes and had a scar across his face. The students were led to the lower deck by him.

Shi Mu was bewildered. But, he plainly picked-up the letter and the black token from the floor. He then followed the others without uttering another word.

The blue-robed man coldly observed Shi Mu’s movements. Surprisingly, he didn’t find any degree of disagreement or an intention to disobey. His face revealed the trace of an unexpected color.

“Hehe… this young guy is quite clever! He has seen through things.”

A black mist suddenly appeared behind the blue-robed man as the youngsters proceeded to the lower deck. Then, a man wearing a black robe and a tiger-mask appeared out of thin air.

“Tiger Bone, you shouldn’t show yourself. Remember that I’ve been given the charge of this trip by the Master. So, follow my orders.” The blue-robed man’s face sank as he saw this.

“Relax! I don’t intend to disturb you or the manner in which you’re handling your work. I just feel that it wasn’t good to throw that youngster aboard the ship. We’ve already provoked the Black Turtle Sect. Therefore, it isn’t a wise move to provoke the Wonderful Sound Sect,” the man with the tiger mask said in an unconcerned manner.

“Humph! Does that insignificant Ye Hong Yao represents the entire Wonderful Sound Sect? The Yan Kingdom’s two sects aren’t capable of dealing with Da Qi kingdom’s three sects. How could it get worse? Let’s not talk about it. The youngster doesn’t seem important… or close to Ye Hong Yao. However, he’s quite smart. If he had disagreed with my order… I would’ve killed him and made an example out of him. But, he has gotten away this time” the blue-robed man said with a sneer.

“I have nothing left to say… Anyways, let’s wait until the people of the Black Turtle Sect arrive here… I’m only responsible for helping you in dealing with the power of our enemy… that’s all!” the man with the tiger mask excitedly shrugged his shoulders as he said this.

“You and I joined forced and lethally injured that ‘welcome’ party of the Black Turtle Sect. Their Xian Tian Warriors would take a day to catch us. We will have reached our nation’s side of the river with the help of that ‘Smooth sailing’ charm by that time. We have nothing to fear,” the blue-robed man said in a confident manner.

“I will cast the spell,” The man with the tiger mask nodded. He then took out something from his robes. It was yellow in color and square-shaped in make. Its surface was engraved with silver text and an unknown decorative design.

“Unfortunately this tiger-skinned ‘Smooth sailing’ charm only has enough energy for one-last use,” the blue-robed man said. There was a trace of pity on his face as he saw the tiger-skinned charm.

“Our hard-work allowed us to penetrate this deep into the Da Qi Kingdom. This shall be our sect’s retaliation towards the Black Turtle Sect,” Bone Tiger said faintly. He then mumbled a few words and tossed the tiger-skinned charm high in the air.

A ‘pop’ sound was heard.

The animal’s skin whirled and turned. It left blue-green rays in air. These rays interwove and shuttled from one place to another. They spread and formed an impressive blue-green curtain in the air. Then, they settled on the main-sail of the ship.

That multi-decked ship suddenly trembled. It seemed as if the main-sail of the ship had caught a very strong gale. The ship darted forward under the influence of the strong winds.

The blue-robed man burst into laughter as he saw this.

The traces of that tiger-masked man’s mischievous laughter echoed as he vanished in thin air.

The hold of the ship was divided into seven or eight rooms. There was enough space to accommodate hundreds of boys and girls.

Shi Mu had been accommodated in the same room as ten other boys and girls. The teenagers couldn’t help and started to talk to each other when the huge ship shuddered and started to move at great speed.

However, Shi Mu sat silently in a corner. His head was hung low.

“Elder Brother, I heard you say that an Elder of the Wonderful Sound Sect gave you a recommendation. Is it true? But then why didn’t you become a member of the Wonderful Sound Sect instead?”

Shi Mu and this 12-or-13-year-old girl had been thrown aboard together. She had sat down next to Shi Mu and had been looking at him secretly. Then, she suddenly faced towards him, and asked with a smile.

Shi Mu raised his head and glanced at the girl when he heard this.

It turned out that this girl had a slender built. She looked pretty even though she was still young. She was a beautiful young woman.

“I would’ve loved to join the Wonderful Sound Sect. But, Senior Ye Hong Yao told me that only women can join the Sect. That’s the reason I’ve come here”, Shi Mu sighed as he slowly recalled.



Chapter 47: The Ugly Truth

“Indeed… the Wonderful Sound Sect rarely accepts male candidates. But, it isn’t a problem if the man is recommended by someone as senior as a Xian Tian of the Sect” the young girl blinked as she said this.

“I don’t know much about this point. Perhaps the Senior of the Wonderful Sound Sect thinks that I’m more suitable for the Black Turtle Sect. By the way… it seems that you know a lot about the affairs of these Sects,” Shi Mu asked. He felt humble in his heart as he listened to her. But, his appearance remained calm and collected.

“My Han Family’s ancestor was a disciple of the Black Turtle Sect. However, he had an accident later-on. Hence, he returned to the society and established his own family. Most people present here might possibly have a relationship with the Black Turtle Sect. You are called Shi Mu, right? My name is Han Xiang Xiu.”

The young girl smiled sweetly at Shi Mu. There was a bulge of breasts in her clothes despite her young age. Her body had developed fabulously. Each movement of hers had the trace of a captivating grace. This had attracted the endless gazes of several young men.

Several pair of eyes gazed at Shi Mu’s body in an ill-manner as he and Han Xiang Xiu joyously talked to each other; so much so that someone would’ve possibly come over and looked for trouble …if Shi Mu didn’t have an exceptionally tall stature… if they hadn’t noticed the knife and the bow he carried… if they weren’t afraid of his tough appearance.

Shi Mu ended his conversation with the young maiden soon after. He then closed his eyes, and started to meditate.

Sometime later…

The hold of the ship that contained the boys and girls started to lose its novelty in the eyes of its guest. The teenagers gradually became dull and tired. They soon lost their interest in talking as well.

Many youngsters started to imitate Shi Mu, and closed their eyes to meditate.

Then, several servants dressed in grey robes arrived with tables of steaming food. The food looked delicious. Therefore, the teenagers advanced towards the table to eat the food.

However, Shi Mu didn’t proceed forward. He silently took out two hardened steamed buns from his bosom. Then, he slowly chewed and swallowed them.

His actions naturally led to several astonished gazes.

Shi Mu obviously didn’t intend to give an explanation. But his actions raised Han Xiang Xiu’s curiosity. She started to inquire him about several affairs again; very frequently.

Shi Mu only spoke occasionally; he would speak for a minute, and would then became quiet the next.

The time it takes for one wick of the lamp to burn had soon passed. The youngsters started to feel intoxicated. Hence, they lay down. The boys and girls remained in their original places, but fell into a deep slumber.

Then, the grey-robed servants entered the room again to clear out the dishes. They then got out of the room in silence, and locked the iron door behind them.

In Shi Mu’s room… a person who lay motionless on the ground suddenly sat up. His eyes then fell upon the closed door. His face looked gloomy. Suddenly, he said, “My name is Ma Fei Yun. All who are sober… please get up. You don’t need to pretend anymore.”

“I didn’t eat that food.”

“I had realized that these people aren’t right long back. My relatives had felt the same.”

“Humph! I ate the food. But, a few knockout drops can’t affect me.”

Two boys and two girls who had been lying on the ground suddenly sat up. Their loud voices seemed to full of acquisitions towards their hosts.

Han Xiang Xiu was one of the girls.

As for Shi Mu… he had been sitting-leaned-against the hold of the ship. He opened his shiny eyes again. He was the only person who was awake, and hadn’t yet responded.

The first teenager who had gotten-up had fair skin. His eyebrows looked like a double-edged sword, and his eyes were bright. He glanced at Shi Mu. Then, he whispered to the rest, “These people aren’t the emissaries of the Black Turtle Sect. It will be disastrous if we go with them. The guards must be taking it easy after seeing us unconscious. Now is the only opportunity for us to escape. I’m prepared to leave this ship right now. Do you guys wish to come with me?”

“Indeed… these people don’t belong to the Black Turtle Sect. They are probably the Black Turtle Sect’s opponents. We should take-off as early as possible. I don’t have any objection,” Han Xiang Xiu was the first person to nod her head in agreement.

One of the other two teenagers had a wide mouth and curly hair. The other one had long hair, and they trailed over her shoulders. They heard the idea in a calm manner and nodded their heads in agreement.

“Brother Shi Mu, you should come with us,” Han Xiang Xiu addressed Shi Mu.

“There’s no need for that. I think it’s good to stay here. And, may I offer you a piece of advice? It will be clever to delay that action for now,” Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he said with an expressionless face.

Han Xiang Xiu’s face became pale when she heard this. “Brother Shi Mu, have you discovered something?” she asked hurriedly.

The expressions of the other two teenagers also changed. There was a look of hesitation on their faces.

Shi Mu shook his head. He didn’t wish to say anything further.

“Humph! You’re a coward! You can all stay here if you wish,” Ma Fei Yun looked at Shi Mu with disdain. Then, he addressed Han Xiang Xiu, “Sister Han, we will go together.”

“Brother Ma, let’s delay our actions and think about the situation one more time.” Han Xiang Xiu thought for a while and smiled reluctantly.

“Then I’ll go out first. And you can follow me afterwards,” Ma Fei Yun’s expression changed slightly. A trace of anger had emerged on his face. However, he could only stomp his foot since the other two teenagers had remained silent.

Then, he took out a dagger from his sleeves. The dagger had a silver hilt. He then bent down and firmly penetrated it through the plank below his feet.

A loud ‘bang’ was heard.

An ear-piercing metal sound was issued as the edge of the blade penetrated the board of the ship.

Ma Fei Yun was scared by this. He hastily began to scrape the board from the point from where he had penetrated into it. Soon, the mild glow of a black metal started to become visible.

“This is iron wood. This iron wood is only found on the Jing Island in the East China Sea. It is hundred years old.”

Ma Fei Yun inhaled a lump of cold air. His expressions changed to that of urgency. Then, he frantically tried to cut the board throughout the room. But, the result was the same. Every spot in the room issued the same metallic sound.

“You don’t need to try again. The entire body of this ship is made of hundred-year-old iron wood. You won’t be able to find a single crack even if you penetrate the entire room in search for it,” a cold sound was heard in the room.

Everyone was frightened by this sound. No one had noticed when the door had opened. The blue-robed man stood at the entrance with folded arms. He gazed at Ma Fei Yun in a strange manner. In fact, it seemed as if he was looking at a dead person.

“Senior, I…” Ma Fei Yun turned pale with fright. He hastily hid the dagger behind his back as he got-up with an intention to say something.

The blue-robed man didn’t allow him to finish his sentence. He raised his hand and hit Ma Fei Yun.

A loud ‘bang’ was heard.

Ma Fei Yun screamed as his body was sent flying. He hit the back wall; blood spurted out from his nose and mouth. His chest had caved in. It was obvious that he wouldn’t be able to survive for long.

“I had told you — whoever disobeys my orders will be punished. Come in, you guys! Pull this dead body out, and throw it into the river. It shall feed the fishes,” the blue-robed man lowered his callous arm as he commanded.

Then, two grey-robed servants stepped into the room. They lifted Ma Fei Yun’s breathing body and left the room.

The blue-robed man sized Shi Mu and the other four teenagers with fierce eyes. “Hehe…” he laughed mischievously. Then, he turned around and left the room.

The door of the room was tightly locked from outside once again.

There was an ugly look on the faces of Shi Mu and the other four teenagers.



Chapter 48: Jin Xiao Chai

Half a day later…

The other boys and girls were still sleeping. Shi Mu and the other four sober teenagers hadn’t dared to act blindly.

Han Xiang Xiu’s face had become pale after she had witnessed Ma Yun Fei’ death. She sat next to Shi Mu, and was very frightened.

Shi Mu was leaned against the wall of the hold of the ship. His eyes were closed for rest.

It was hard to tell how much time had gone by when a loud ‘bang’ was heard. The huge ship trembled. The distant and angry voice of an old person was heard in the ship, “Ning Ping, you have the impertinence to enter the borders of the Da Qi kingdom! And then you hurt the members of our Sect?! Don’t think that you will be able to get away easily.”

This voice hadn’t yet faded away when the entire body of the huge ship fiercely rumbled once again.

“Who is it? Who dares to call me out? You must be aware that I’m not alone. And you must have your own helpers at hand as well. Why don’t we show our cards at the same time?”The blue-robed man’s voice echoed outside the ship. But, it sounded abnormally calm.

“Yu needn’t be polite if my friend Ning Ping says so,” the cold voice of another man suddenly echoed.

“Is that you… Yu Qian Ji?” the blue-robed man’s calmness abandoned him as he heard the voice of his second enemy. He lost his voice and stood there looking frightened.

“Hehe… Ning Ping, you would’ve never anticipated this. Young Disciple Yu was nearby. He came over when I notified him. You can ask Tiger Bone to come out. We will teach your evil Sect a good lesson this time,” the older voice burst-out into laughter.

“Since Senior-Star Level Warlock Yu has shown himself… then how can Tiger Bone not oblige?” another gloomy voice echoed; it was evident that he was afraid of Yu Qian Ji.

Then, the huge ship rumbled as unending sounds reverberated. The multi-decked ship swayed from left to right as if it was treading on huge waves.

“These people are from the Black Turtle Sect.”

“That’s great! We have been saved.”

The boy with curly hair and wide mouth, and the girl with delicate features, whispered excitedly.

Han Xiang Xiu’s spirit rose too.

There was a trace of joy on Shi Mu’s face as well.

The Black Turtle Sect was a much better option compared to the Blue-Robed man.

“Yu Qian Ji, we aren’t a worthy opponent to you. But you won’t be taking these disciples back alive. My ‘Water-Shock’ charm is very ferocious,” the blue-robed man’s exasperated voice was heard outside the multi-decked ship a little while later.

His voice had barely faded when loud sounds of huge overflowing waves were heard. The body of the ship began to sway from side-to-side as the waves continued to rise. The entire ship shuddered. Then, it slowly started to lean on one side, and into the river. It toppled over as huge torrents of water came pouring in.

“Oh no! The ship will capsize.”

Shi Mu and the other sober teenagers were scared. They stood up one-by-one. Then, they all stood against the wall to prevent themselves from falling around the floor.

As for the other unconscious boys and girls… they were rolling on the floor from one place to another. A few of them were really unlucky since they got knocked against tables and chairs; so much so that their heads sustained injuries and had started to bleed very badly.

Surprisingly, these teenagers remained unconscious even though they were heavily injured.

It was evident that the knockout drops given to these teenagers were several times stronger than the ones known to most people.

Shi Mu was dumbstruck when he saw this.

“You think it’s easy to proceed with your evil plans in front of the Black Turtle Sect…” the older voice was suddenly heard again as the ship started to flip-over.

‘Boom!’ another loud noise came from the other side of the hull.

The multi-decked ship swayed. Then, it suddenly became steady again.

The blue-robed man screamed and began to speak in an angry and flustered voice, “Well… well… I didn’t expect an old cow of the Black Turtle Sect to have reached this realm. I shall teach you a lesson the next time we meet. Brother Bone, let’s leave!” the blue-robed said in a broken voice. He had realized that he had been defeated. Then, he and his companions ran away.

The sober teenagers stood up grinning from ear to ear.

Someone soon opened the door of Shi Mu’s room from outside. Then, a 20-year-old youth walked inside the room. His body was covered with a golden robe, and he had an extremely handsome face.

“Oh… Some people are awake in this room. That’s very good! It’s pretty commendable that you’ve accomplished this under these circumstances. Move to the deck of the ship. It’s very important to verify the number of people, right? I have a bottle of medicinal Dan. Give it to the ones who need it,” the handsome youth spoke in a cold voice as he saw Shi Mu and the other sober teenagers. This young man was Yu Qian Ji; the man who had been referred to as Senior-Star Level Warlock.

Then, he raised his hand and threw a small bottle towards the teenager with curly hair and wide mouth.

The teenager respectfully promised in a loud voice when he received the bottle. Then, he started to give the medicine to his unconscious companions one by one.

Then, Yu Qian Ji turned around to leave the room.

“Senior Yu, I’ve discovered the Evil Sect’s plan. They’ve installed a Flaming Thunder Spirit’s Spirit Flame Wind at the bottom of the ship,” Han Xiang Xiu suddenly rushed-out helter-skelter as she informed Yu Qian Ji.

“What? A Flaming Thunder Spirit? Where is it located? How do you know?” Yu Qian Ji’s expression changed as he heard this. He immediately turned around and asked.

“Senior, there’s not enough time. I’ll first point out the hidden location of the Flaming Thunder Spirit. Then, I’ll provide the details to the Senior.” Han Xiang Xiu went outside the room. Her face looked terrified as she said this.

“Well… I’ll first take you to see Senior Brother Zhao.” The youth’s eyebrows wrinkled; he then this in a decisive manner.

He grabbed the girl’s wrist in a flash. Then, he started to float and depart from the room.

Shi Mu and other people looked at each other in dismay when they saw this.

Suddenly, the golden-robe-youth bellowed. Then, his wrist flicked and the young girl was ferociously thrown across the door.

The girl was thrown with enough force to split her head open. Instead, the sounds of her delicate giggles echoed. She had unexpectedly changed her direction mid-air, and was now hanging from the ceiling. Her feet were firmly attached to the ceiling, while her head was hung upside down.

The young man ferociously gazed at the girl. He then flicked his golden sleeves and a foot long snake jerked out of it, and landed on the floor. It was black in color. It seemed to have died.

“The Black Demon Snake! It’s a good and sinister trick. You’re Jin Xiao Chai of the Black Demon Sect!” Yu Qian Ji spoke with an angry expression across his face as he looked at the tiny black snake lying on the ground.

“You’ve managed to recognize me so fast. You’re worthy of being dubbed the most promising prospects of the Da Qi Kingdom. However, you ought to be more careful. You will feel the effect of my little darling for a good while now,” Han Xiang Xiu gorgeously smiled.

“Tiger Bone, Ning Ping, you’ve dared to return!”

Then a few rumbling sounds echoed outside on the deck of the ship. These sounds included “Senior Brother Zhao’s” snarl.



Chapter 49: The Thirteen Peaks of Black Demon

“I’m humbled to be personally dealt by the Jin Fairy! Yu was even bitten by the Black Demon Snake. But I wish for the Jin fairy will be careful for now on. She must especially be careful in the dark of the night. One never knows when the ghosts of their acts may appear to haunt them,” Yu Qian Ji looked at Jin Xiao Chai. He had regained his calm very quickly, but had spoken these few words in a very gloomy manner. Then, he rolled up his sleeve. Suddenly, strong winds began to blow inside the room. None of the people present in the room were able to keep their eyes open. He moved his hand and flashed a disk-like thing. He then transformed into a divine-light and then faded away into the wind.

Then, the loud sound of a whip was heard.

The wind stopped to blow inside the room.

It wasn’t clear when Jin Xiao Chai had repositioned herself to stand on the floor. She held a shiny-black whip in her hand. The entire surface of the whip was covered with blue-green barbs.

The whip’s lash-marks could be seen at the place where Yu Qian Ji had stood.

Shi Mu swallowed a cold lump of air as he saw this.

Previously… there had been no effect on the hundred-year-old iron wood floor when Ma Fei Yun had tried to penetrate it with his dagger. But, this woman had left a deep mark with just a single lash of her whip.

It was obvious that this woman was very formidable.

“I dislike Senior-Star Level Warlocks. They run away whenever they encounter unfavourable turn of events. It’s so boring!” Jin Xiao Chai pouted. She flicked her wrist and the black whip rolled back; it then disappeared without any trace.

Then, she turned around and took out a chunk of a jade ornament from her sleeve. She pinched it, and broke it into pieces. Suddenly, dark gases rolled-up around her entire body. Then, her body transformed into an exceptionally fiery and beautiful figure of a woman.

Her face remained the same as that of Han Xiang Xiu’s; however, it was much prettier now. But, her figure turned more rounded; especially her breasts. The teenagers looked at her with dry mouths; it was difficult to remove one’s eyes from her.

“What do the three of you think; don’t I look prettier than before? Hehe… I remember… you two were looking at me before,” Jin Xiao Chai asked with a faint smile as her eyes swept across Shi Mu and other teenagers.

The teenager with curly hair and wide mouth looked at the woman in a foolish way when he heard these words. His face had started to become pale.

Shi Mu remained silent. He closed his mouth tightly, and didn’t say a word.

Jin Xiao Chai smiled when she saw this.

The struggle that had unfolded outside also seemed to have come to an end. The blue-robed man and the black-robed man wearing a tiger-mask walked-in moments later.

“Sister Jin, thanks for coming over. Otherwise, the two of us wouldn’t have been able to deal with Yu Qian Ji — the Senior-Star Level Warlock,” the blue-robed man addressed Jin Xiao Chai with a smile across his face.

The black-robed man wearing a tiger-mask didn’t say anything. However, he hadn’t removed his eyes from Jin Xiao Chai since the moment he had seen her. In fact, his eyes were filled with a fiery-hot color.

“I was just following the command my master gave me. Yu Qian Ji has been bitten by the Black Demon Snake. If he is able to save his life… serious illness is unavoidable.”

“I’ve heard that Yu Qian Ji has been studying the laws of the Senior-Star Level Warlock for some time now. But next year… he will have completed thirty years of cultivation and will reach an advanced level of the Senior-Star Level Warlock. Then, he will become one of the very best Senior-Star Level Warlocks in the Three Kingdoms. If we could delay his practice even for six more months… then Sister Jin will be able to establish her foundation,” the blue-robed man said with a smile.

“I hope that you can hinder his practice. Brother Bone, you’re looking at this Young Sister with such expressions in your eyes… it seems that you want me very much, ah. If it’s so… then wouldn’t it be better for you to go to my master and talk about a marriage proposal?” Jin Xiao Chai spoke as she turned around and her eyes fell on the black-robed man. It seemed as if she had pursed her lips, and was laughing at him.

“Sister Jin, you seem to be joking. I’ve always regarded you as my younger sister. How can I possibly think like that?” The man wearing the tiger-mask suddenly quivered. He removed his eyes from Jin Xiao Chai’s body when he heard these words. Then, he hurriedly explained himself.

“Coward! Forget it! We may have forced away the Black Turtle Sect’s soldiers… but we’re still inside the borders of the Da Qi Kingdom. We shouldn’t lower our guards yet. We should set out on our journey right away! We shall only be at ease once we’ve returned to our Sect,” Jin Xiao Chai’s mouth twitched as she commanded and casted-away the matter.

The blue-robed man obviously didn’t have any objection.

Then, they discussed the matter once again. After that, they departed from the room and locked it again from outside.

Those three hadn’t looked at Shi Mu and the others from start to finish; not even once.

Shi Mu exhaled a long breath as he saw them leave. The expressions of the teenager with curly hair and wide mouth, and the other teenager, also became relaxed.

The other unconscious boys and girls started to wake up one-after-another. Humph! Humph! It seemed that the teenagers were regaining consciousness because of the medicinal Dan which had been administered to them earlier; the one which had been provided by Yu Qian Ji.

“Brother Shi Mu, will you explain everything to the others? It seems that we can’t go the Black Turtle Sect… and can only join this Black Demon Sect. I can’t if this is our good fortune… or a disaster!” the teenager with delicate features and long hair draped around her shoulders forced a smile as she spoke to Shi Mu in a powerful voice.

“No problem! But I will have to ask the two of you to tell me about the Black Demon Sect. I see that both of you don’t seem to have a conflict about joining the Black Demon Sect,” Shi Mu mumbled, and then asked.

The teenager with delicate features and long hair draped around her shoulders, and her companion, looked at each other. Then, she slightly nodded her head and said, “It’s needless to maintain secrecy about the Black Demon Sect. This Sect and the Flaming Breeze Sect are at par with one another. They are located in the Yan Kingdoms. In fact, they are strong as the Black Turtle Sect. As far as the matter of plundering the Sects and taking away each other’s disciples is concerned… this has happened many times…”

One-and-a-half months later…

In the northern part of the Yan Kingdom… huge swamps and various kinds of smells covered the entire area.

Shi Mu and other boys and girls were suspended in bamboo baskets. These baskets were hanging on both sides of a dozen giant water-buffaloes-like animals. These animals slowly advanced on a wet-mud path.

The bodies of these giant water buffaloes were abnormally huge. A yellow light was coming out of their hoofs. Their hoofs didn’t submerge into the swampy ground as they walked. It seemed as if they were walking on a solid ground.

The blue-robed man and Tiger Bone were mounted on top of huge lizards of their own. However, there was no trace of Jin Xiao Chai.

The travellers were silent. The only sound that could be heard was the ‘plop’ sound of the hoofs of those huge buffaloes as they came in contact with the swampy-water.

Suddenly, a thick fog started to appear in front of them. The fog was multi-colored, and looked exceptionally beautiful.

The blue-robed man took a huge sigh of relief as he saw the fog. Suddenly, he raised his hand and the water buffaloes came to a halt.

Tiger Bone took-out a purple bamboo token from his bosom. Then, he mumbled something. He then suddenly dashed towards the fog.

‘Pop!’

A white light beam spurted-out of the purple bamboo token. The light beam dispersed the fog, and a road was exposed.

The blue-robed man urged his mount-lizard to start moving as he took the lead. The huge water buffaloes followed him closely.

Tiger Bone broke-off to walk at the end; after everyone else.

Sometime later…

In the middle of a jungle filled with grotesque-shaped trees… Shi Mu and the teenager with long hair were being carried by a tall elderly man. The man was wearing black clothes. He was jumping from the top of one tree to another. It seemed as if they were being carried by the wind.

Shi Mu and the teenager with long hair draping over her shoulders looked into the distance.

A dozen huge pillar-like-and-black peaks vaguely seemed to be standing at the far edge of the woods.

“Hehe… these two young people seem to be optimistic. They are known as the Thirteen Peaks of the Black Demon. Even the Black Turtle Sect won’t have any authority to ask you back once you enter the Black Demon Sect.” The black-robed elderly man then gave a loud and hollow laughter. It was eerie enough to raise goose bumps.

Several other people were following them; they were dressed in black too. They carried the other boys and girls in their hands, and were jumping on the tree-tops as well.



Chapter 50: Wild Zhou

A while passed. Shi Mu and the other teenagers arrived in the valley at the foot of a tall and straight peak. They were still being carried by the black-robed men.

The valley was a sight to see. There was a wide expanse of buildings. These buildings were delicate and were more than 40 meters high. There were simple and crude stones houses which were about 7-10 meters tall. The buildings varied in shape, size, and make. However, they were arranged in orderly rows. The taller buildings were at the back — closer to the peak. The shorter ones were at the front.

Many people could be seen shuttling between these buildings. They were dressed in various kinds of attires. This small town seemed to be bustling with noise and excitement.

The black-robed men carried Shi Mu and the other teenagers to the centre of the valley, and dropped them off at a bluestone plaza. Then, they left without saying a word.

Hundreds of people had gathered around them. The surrounding people were pointing fingers at them. The boys and girls couldn’t help but looked at each other is dismay.

The crowd consisted of ordinary men and women; young and old. But they seemed to have a strange yet strong flavour about their body language. These people were looking at the teenagers with malice in their eyes — as if the boys and the girls were ordinary commodities which could be purchased for a price.

“Everyone… get out of here! What are you doing? What are you up to? Have you never seen a new disciple before?” a carefree voice was heard. It came from the direction of the onlookers who had made a circle around the teenagers by now.

Then, the crowd separated and a young semi-naked person came walking-out with big strides. His body was giant in size. He held a 2 meter long mace in his hand. Its handle seemed to have been made from the ivory teeth of a wolf, and had a brass top.

Each step he took gave rise to a crashing sound; the ground was left to shake. The crowd dispersed in confusion. They were afraid of getting crushed by his feet.

“Ah! That’s Elder Brother Zhou! This is his assignment!”

“Elder Brother Zhou? These youngsters must be good. Please don’t forget to leave a few for our Flame Gang.”

“You Flame Gang guys are going too far. You walked away with two Blood Warriors the last time a new batch arrived. Our Iron and Stone Gang won’t let you pick-first this time!”

“Humph! It doesn’t matter which faction you guys belong to. Our Ancient Spirit Chamber will get the first-pick on the disciples with innate talents. Or do you wish to start a fight with us?”

The crowd separated as they saw the young giant man. Everyone started to shout at each other even before the giant man had made his opening statement.

“You people better forget about your plans to fight over this batch. I’ve just received a Summon from the Sect. These people are not from the Yan Kingdom. Young Master Zhao has brought them from the Da Qi Kingdom,” the giant man said with a sneer.

“What? These people are from the Da Qi Kingdom. That’s why their faces are so strange.”

“The Young Master Zhao brought them?! Then they were probably on-route to join the Black Turtle Sect. The Sect must have undertaken this task in order to make reprisals for the last time when the Black Turtle Sect snatched the Tiger Seedlings.”

“There’s no need to fuss over them then. Let them adapt to our Sect’s rules first. The Black Turtle Sect is so ‘womanish’ compared to ours.”

Suddenly, the expressions of the people in the crowd changed as they realized that the new disciples belonged to the Da Qi Kingdom. They started to comment in softer voices as they scattered with a loud rumbling noise.

Shi Mu’s eyebrows wrinkled as he saw this.

“Well… Now boring people have left. It’s time I give you a proper reception. It doesn’t matter if you come from the Yan Kingdom or the Da Qi Kingdom… It doesn’t matter if you’re willing or not… Once you enter the Black Demon Peaks — you become a member of our Sect. The seven influential families of the Three Kingdoms[1] have signed a series of collaborative agreements owing to their common enemy — the barbarian race. There shall always be minor collisions amongst the three Kingdoms. However, none of signed parties shall violate this treaty as long as the collisions remain minor. Thus, we’ve always had disciples from various Kingdoms in our Sect. Their achievements can range from a junior disciple to a senior; so on and so forth. That’s the gist of it. But I’ll give you one tip — you’re disciples of the Black Demon Sect now; irrevocably. Your connection with the other Sects or Kingdoms is of no significance now. Be good, and don’t ever try to betray or harm our Sect. Else, you’ll either have your martial base disabled, or you’ll be condemned to death along with your entire family,” the big man threw his mace to the ground. A loud sound was issued as it broke several blue bricks.

“Who are you Sir? Are you responsible for us ‘new recruits’?” someone gathered the courage to ask.

“Understand this clearly — No one is going to ‘nanny’ you around in this Sect. My name is Wild Zhou. I’m a disciple who guides the newcomers; that’s all you need to know. This task was given to me by the Temple of Merits and Virtues of our sect. I’m not permitted to answer your questions. So no one will grill me with any. The next time someone asks me a question — I will break their nose before I decide whether I wish to answer or not. You’re only to speak if you think I need to hear you ‘melodious’ voice. Otherwise, keep shut and walk. You may try me if you don’t like my style. Strength is everything in this Sect. Strength is respected. And big fists are listened to,” the giant man gave a nasty smile.

Most of the candidates were shocked by his words.

But Shi Mu just narrowed his eyes.

He was familiar with the Black Demon Sect’s ‘law of the jungle’ style. However, he hadn’t expected them to be this blatant about it.

Some candidates found it difficult to accept the burly man’s words. But none of the candidates dared to stand out.

Wild Zhou was delighted to see the effect of his words. He continued…

“Good. I see that you’re well behaved. I’ll give you a rough outline of how things work here. You should listen carefully since you’re new here. You’re lucky that I got assigned to your batch. Most other guys don’t give out this information for free. And you’re bound to suffer without this information. So listen carefully! Our sect is just a branch of the Heavenly Demon Sect that occupies a central place on the continent. We worship the Black Fire Demon of the Three Great Demons. We are different from the other sects. We don’t divide disciples according to their talent. That means your talent won’t gain or lose you favours here. There’s only one path to learning higher arts or gaining higher position here — defeat others with your strength, perform better and contribute more than the others. In other words, it’s all a competition between disciples. You can choose any path to prove your superiority — covert or overt. Nobody will mind; not unless you overdo it. No one will protect you here. Not unless you receive protection from a Xian Tian Level Master. But it’s a different story if they take you as a disciple. Even then you’ll have to compete with your peers to gain more resource and support. Furthermore, there’s a match every season, and a competition every year. The outstanding disciples are rewarded with rare pills and techniques. They are moved-up the rank, while the losers are punished. A loser’s rank could be downgraded; they could even be deprived of resources. Some might even have to do manual labour like cleaning and cooking. You may even feel free to challenge the Master of the Thirteen Peaks if you’re strong-enough; someday.”

Notes:

Seems to be inspired out Chinese historical background. Might be mentioned repeatedly in the story. Chapter 3 will give more info about the structure of the setting. The three kingdoms are Yan, Da Qi and Huang Kingdom. They have a treaty which allies them against the barbarians.



Chapter 51: Flaming Demon Token

The young boys and girls were surprised to hear the Giant Man’s words. However, there was a trace of fear in their eyes as well.

Shi Mu seemed to have liked his words.

“Another thing to keep in mind — we encourage competition, but you have to obey some rules. I would encourage you to read the Sect’s rule. You shall be receiving later them later. You’ll thank me later if you memorize every word of it. Also, newcomers don’t compete with senior disciples. Everyone gets one year to learn. No one will challenge you, or force you into a competition for that one year. Ask for help from the Law Enforcement Hall if anyone tries to do otherwise. It will be another story if ‘you’ pick a fight with someone or make an appeal without any proof.” Wild Zhou’s last sentence had a meaningful tone to it.

These youngsters had been chosen by the Black Turtle Sect. They obviously weren’t stupid. They quickly understood the meaning behind those subtle changes in his tone, and the faces of many youngsters were coloured in fear thereafter.

“Disciples are grouped into three grades in our sect. Each grade contains its own ranks. Resources are given to you according to your grade and rank. You can only challenge disciples from your own grade in the seasonal matches. However, you can challenge anyone you want in the annual competition. Even the top graded disciples can challenge the lowest ones. And don’t get lazy if you’re placed in the lowest grade. People often start to believe that they worthless if they get placed in the lowest grade. They start to believe that they’ve no lower place to fall into. But that’s not true. We have a number of labourers who were once a part of the lower grades… Our leaders choose the thirty strongest men from the labourers to replace the weakest thirty of the lowest grade every year after the competition. Hehe! So there’s a possibility that one of you will lose his or her position and end-up doing manual labour,” Wild Zhou grinned with a cruel look of his face.

Shi Mu trembled when he heard these cold-hearted rules.

The Black Demon Sect’s rules were awfully ruthless. These rules were so fierce that even the laziest disciple would have no choice to strive and increase his cultivation in order to survive.

The other teenagers had already gone green with fear.

“This is the best advice I can give you — read the handbook for the details on matches and competitions. Pay special attention to ranks, challenges and allocation of resources; don’t just flip through it. Got it?! Now I’ll let any three of you ask me their questions. Let’s begin,” the Giant man declared as he strokes his jaw.

“That’s nice. I want to know brother Zhou’s cultivation level… what grade are you classified into, and what rank you hold?” a young and loud voice was heard.

Shi Mu waited to hear the answer with rapt attention.

This question was quite tactical in Shi Mu’s opinion. It would give the new disciples a rough idea about the standards in the Black Demon Sect.

Wild Zhou burst into laughter. “Trick question. But I don’t mind answering. I’m at the intermediate stage of Hou Tian level. I’m ranked 49 in the Second Grade of disciples.”

“How many disciples are there in the Sect? And what’s the quota for each the number of disciples inside each rank?” the melodious voice of young maiden was heard; she seemed quite shy and nervous.

“The numbers differ greatly. There are ten disciples in the Top Grade. They could be compared to the most favoured disciples of the other Sects. The Second Grade had 108 disciples. I’m not very clear about the Third Grade, but I reckon there must be about a thousand. But we’ve had many more candidates showing up at our doors over the last couple of years. Therefore, the number may increase to two thousand in the next few years,” the man answered. His hand was still stroking his jaw.

The youngster started to murmuring to themselves. Most of them were trying to ascertain their own positions based on the Wild Zhou’s answers.

“Brother Zhou, does the Sect have any special preferences for Blood Warriors? After all, they are more gifted and powerful than ordinary disciples…” Shi Mu asked the next question out of nowhere.

It drew attention of the other candidates. Everyone lifted their gaze towards Wild Zhou, and stared at him with unblinking eyes.

“Special preferences? Can you imagine the number of blood warriors among the thirteen Master of the peaks, eight Elders, and the two vice bosses in our sect? Just three! The strongest person in our Sect is an Elder. He isn’t a blood warrior. He’s not naturally gifted either. But he has already reached the Earth Layer. He has worked his way up with sheer hard work. But that doesn’t mean that our Sect turns a blink eye towards the natural talents of Blood Warriors either. The Xian Tian Masters often spectate the annual competitions. They are usually looking to take disciples. Many Blood Warriors rise to fame in these competitions. And some are accepted as disciples by these Xian Tian Masters. The Sect also has a special collection of techniques for Blood Warriors. They are stored in the Blood Chambers. But you’ve to pay twice the number of Flaming Demon Tokens in order to learn those techniques,” the giant man answered lightly, and then waved his hand.

“Brother Zhou, thank you for the information.” Shi Mu nodded.

The other youngsters also ingrained the words “Blood Chambers” in their minds.

“Your three questions are over; let’s move on. Do you see the stone houses over there?” Wild Zhou pointed to the small houses which were located farthest from the mountains. “That’s the residence for new disciples; most of them are empty. Choose one to live in. Now, let’s get you your uniforms and a year’s ration of resources. Follow me.”

He picked up his mace and led them away from the square.

Quarter of an hour later…

Wild Zhou stood in front of the young candidates. They all held their packages in their hands.

He looked at them as he coldly said, “One last advice before we part ways — The Flaming Demon Tokens are the most important thing; no matter your grade or resource accessibility. You shall be given one each month. You can exchange them to learn any technique you wish to. You won’t anywhere without those Tokens in this Sect and people will trample over you,” the man threw his mace over his shoulder and left with a sense of nostalgia about his walk.

A young girl couldn’t help but stare at Wild Zhou as he left.

Shi Mu stroked his parcel thoughtfully. He then took the lead and started to walk towards the houses Wild Zhou had pointed towards.

The others were quick to notice this, and suddenly came to terms with their reality. Everyone started to follow after him. Some even became impatient and broke into a run.

—

Notes:

The name of this Kingdom is ‘Yan’. Yan means flame. Hence, there are multiple references to flame in the terminologies of this Kingdom.



Chapter 52: The Road Is Blocked

Shi Mu walked towards the area where the stone houses were located — only to discover that the intersection to enter the area was blocked by seven or eight disciples. These disciples were dressed in black clothes.

The boys and girls who had reached earlier were in a confrontation with them. The faint sounds of their dispute transmitted outwards.

“What? It’s important that we pass via this route. But we’ll each have to give you a Flaming Demon Token?” an extremely angry voice was heard.

Shi Mu’s eyebrows wrinkled as he heard this. However, he continued to walk towards the area. He soon reached the intersection and saw the situation.

“That’s right! It’s only fair that each of you guys hand over a Flaming Demon Token. We cleaned up these houses a few days ago. So we’ve helped you in a way. Therefore, it’s only warranted that you pay us in return.” This group of seven or eight disciples was comprised of seventeen or eighteen-year-old boys. However, their leader looked like a twenty-year-old. He carried a long double-edged sword; its white sheath was well-ornamented. He had spoken this with an expressionless face.

“You shouldn’t deceive us. We know the value of a Flaming Demon Token. Brother Zhou has told us about them. We won’t hand over a Flaming Black Token in return for some cleaning. And who asked you to clean the houses? We’ll go to the Law Enforcement Hall if you stop us, and we’ll fearlessly file a complaint. We’re aware that you can’t challenge us during our first year in the Sect,” stated a handsome youngster without any trace of fear. He was among the group of boys and girls who had been blocked by these older disciples. Shi Mu remained silent.

“You’ll go to the Law Enforcement Hall, and file a complaint? The people at the Law Enforcement Hall don’t have the time to deal with such a trivial matter. And we’re not challenging you. You were careless enough to bump into us at the time we were practicing our martial arts skills. That’s all. However, I can give you an opportunity to pass this intersection without paying a Flaming Demon Token. But you’ll have to withstand a punch of mine.” The youngster with the double-edged sword laughed heartily when he heard those words of retaliation.

“Just a single punch?!” that handsome youngster’s heartbeat sped-up as he heard this.

“Why; yes? Shall I assume that you wish to give it a try?” the youngster who carried the double-edged sword asked in a gloomy manner.

“Humph! We haven’t yet practised the austerities to attain our Qi. Therefore we’re not capable to challenge you head-on. But, I don’t believe that taking one punch is beyond my abilities. Therefore, I — Fang Tian Xu — will be much obliged to give it a try,” the handsome youngster thought for a while. He then replied as he clenched his teeth.

“I’ll cheer for you Brother Fang!”

“Brother, you don’t even need to punch him. Just use technique to unleash the force of the punch on him.”

The atmosphere started to liven-up as the boys and girls started to cheer for the handsome youngster.

Several new people joined the crowd. They made enquiries to understand the matter. Some even started to cheer for the handsome youngster since they considered his opposing party to be their adversary.

Shi Mu’s gaze swept over to the youngster with the double-edged sword. Shi Mu’s vision flickered as he saw the grey-coloured bandages on that youngster’s fists.

“Brother Shi Mu, do you think that this boy can take that expert’s punch?”

Approaching footsteps were heard behind Shi Mu. Then, a familiar voice was heard.

“Do you know this person?” Shi Mu asked as he turned around.

A couple of teenagers had stationed themselves behind him. They had been with him in the same room of the ship — the girl with long hair draped around her shoulders, and the boy with curly hair and a wide mouth.

“I am Bai Shi. This is my friend Xiao Ming. We and Fan Tian Xu hail from the same locality. But, he’s not our friend. We know that he practiced the Blood-Support Law when he was with his family. I believe that this is the reason why he has taken the initiative to stand against this disciple,” the teenager with the long hair stated.

“I don’t know anything about the Blood-Support Law… But the manner in which that guy is blocking our way indicates that he’s confident about his skills. And look at his hands… it’s obvious that he practices the art of boxing. It’s difficult to say whether Fan Tian Xu will be able to take his punch or not,” Shi Mu nodded his head as he slowly spoke.

“Elder Brother Shi Mu’s way of thinking is similar to his younger’s,” Bai Shi commented with a smile.

The youngster blocking the intersection conveniently inserted his double-edged sword into the ground.

There was a loud ‘puffing’ sound as the white sheath dug a few inches into the tiled-ground, and stood upright at the place.

The newly recruited youngsters were alarmed at the sight of this.

The opposite party was obviously strong.

Fang Tian Xu’s expression changed slightly. However, he took a deep breath and exercised his limbs. Suddenly, his face became dark-red; it seemed as if he had incited his blood. He then took a few steps forward.

“Oh! You’ve awakened your blood. That’s why you have so much confidence in yourself. No wonder you’ve dared to stand against me. But let’s see if your cheap trick proves to be of any use against sheer strength.” The opposing youngster was startled at first. But he then replied with a sneer. He advanced forward and positioned his hands to throw a punch.

Fang Tian Xu lowered his head and shouted. Suddenly, he crossed his blood-red arms in front of his body.

‘Snap’, ‘snap’. Two crisp sounds were heard.

The bandaged fist hit the cross-section of the defending arms.

Fang Tian Xu’s eyes rolled-back, and he was sent flying for a few meters. He uttered a groan as he fell heavily on the ground and lost his consciousness. His arms were bent into a grotesque shape and were drooped beside him. They had clearly been broken in several pieces.

The youngsters who had been cheering for Fang Tian Xu suddenly became silent; their bodies started to become cold.

“Who else plans to receive a punch from me?” the youth slowly withdrew his fist. He then asked in a calm manner.

The intersection was silent for a while.

“Well… if there’s nobody else… then bring out the Flaming Demon Tokens. Don’t waste any more of your Elder Brother’s time.”

“You new kids still think that you can take Elder Brother Qu’s punch? You need to wake up to reality”

“Brother Qu practices Jade Iron Fist. His punch can break an iron shield. Now, don’t waste our time.”

The other disciples standing behind that youngster were laughed heartily as these words were spoken.

“Can I face your punch while using a weapon?” a youngster among the new disciples asked after a while.

“Sure. But, I’ll replace my punch with my double-edged sword. Hehe…” the young man replied.

The new disciple’s face went red as heard this. He became silent.

“I’ll be obliged to receive Elder Brother’s punch.”

A crisp voice was heard. The petite figure of a new disciple stepped out of the crowd.

Shi Mu was astonished to see a thirteen-fourteen year old girl with pigtails. Her clothes were adorned with sparkling and silvery little bells.

“Don’t think that I’ll be lenient because you are a girl,” the youngster looked at the girl and said coldly.

“When did I ask you to be lenient with me?” the little girl seemed confused. Her bells jingled as she arrogantly walked over the young man.

“Then… die.”

There was an ominous glint in the eyes of the youngster as he said this. He then suddenly threw a punch toward the girl.

There was a loud ‘whooshing’ sound.

The young girl’s waist unexpectedly twisted, and the sound of a bell’s ‘ringing’ was heard. Her body floated in air and casually landed a few feet away. It seemed that she had managed to avoid the punch very easily.

The new disciples were dumbfounded when they saw this.

The youngster was baffled to see this. He withdrew his arm and asked, “Are you a blood warrior?”

“Yes… I have taken your punch, right?” the young girl nodded her head as she answered confidently.

“It doesn’t matter if you take my punch head-on, or evade it by inciting your inherited bloodline… I’ll regard it as passing my test. Would the sister be interested in becoming a member of our Blood Dragon Gang? We have several Blood Warriors in our ranks, and the sister will surely learn a lot from exchanging information with them,” the young man transformed into a different individual altogether as he invited her to join his gang; he even had a smile on his face.



Chapter 53: Stone-Breaking Matches Jade-Iron

“Blood Dragon Gang? I first need to find a place and take rest. I couldn’t endure the way we were tossed from side-to-side on the road down to this place. I’ll get back to you once I’ve given it a thought, okay?” The young girl didn’t turn down the invitation. Instead, she smiled calmly.

“No problem. The Young Sister can meet me — Qu Kun — if she wants to join the Blood Dragon Gang,” Qu Kun stated; he didn’t seem to mind. Then, he waved his hand and took the initiative to get out of the way.

“This Young Sister is thankful,” The young girl laughed softly. The sound of the ‘jingling’ bells was heard as she started to walk. She soon disappeared in the midst of the stone houses.

The young girl had seemingly crossed the intersection with ease. Therefore, two youngsters suddenly took a few steps forward, and tried to dash past the intersection.

‘Bang’ ‘Bang’ Two loud sounds were heard.

Both teenagers let-out a loud scream and were sent flying as Qu Kun hit them with his arms. They fell on the ground and were unable to get up.

“What are you doing? Didn’t that young girl take your punch a moment ago?” someone asked in an angry manner.

“When did I say that ‘everyone’ gets to pass if ‘someone’ can take my punch…? The young girl passed the intersection because of her ability. Whoever wishes to pass shall first take my punch,” Qu Kun grinned evilly.

The new disciples couldn’t help but look at each other in dismay after they heard this.

“Brother Shi Mu, Brother Xiao, it’s no use to sit around and wait. It would be better to go up and face him,” Bai Shi — the youngster with long hair exhaled a long breath and said.

“My Lost-Steps Art is mainly an evasive technique, but it’s too weak to face his punch.” The youngster with curly hair saw Qu Kun. He then shook his head and spoke.

“I’ll go after Elder Brother Bai has passed.” Shi Mu smiled and said in a noncommittal manner.

“Hehe… I didn’t know that Brother Shi Mu is so confident about me. I’m thankful for your faith,” There was a trace of surprise in Bai Shi’s eyes as he heard Shi Mu. He then laughed and replied. He started to move forward soon after.

Bai Shi obviously didn’t know that Shi Mu had beheaded and killed an initial-stage level Hou Tian Warrior. Qu Kun looked very ferocious… but how could he give rise to the feeling of fear in Shi Mu’s heart?

There was a ‘smothering’ sound.

Bai Shi fell back a few steps with a loud thudding noise. His arms seemed to be broken. He grimaced in pain as he struggled back to his feet.

Bai Shi had used the exact same method as Fang Tian Xu to block the incoming punch. However, he had somewhat succeeded in his attempt.

“I had used a good attack, yet you managed to withstand my punch! Moreover, you’re quite young. That’s good. You can cross the intersection,” Qu Kun nodded his head as he said. Then, he waved his hand again and stepped aside from the intersection.

“Thank you, Elder Brother,” Bai Shi replied with a smile while his arms hung by his sides. Then, he strutted past the intersection.

The other boys and girls became eager to give it a try when they saw Bai Shi succeed in blocking the punch.

“Several youngsters amongst you possess great strength… that was contrary to my expectations. I had underestimated you. But, it doesn’t matter. I had been using a mere part of my Qi till now. But, if someone wants to give it a try… don’t expect anymore leniency from my side,” Qu Kun stated with a snort.

His voice hadn’t even faded when he stomped his feet on the ground; forcefully.

‘Bang’ ‘Bang’ two faint sounds were issued.

Two of the ground’s tiles were crushed into small pieces.

The new disciples had started harbouring thoughts of taking a risk… but their bodies went cold once again.

“Brother Shi Mu, let it be. Even Bai Shi wouldn’t have been lucky-enough to cross the intersection if he had attacked with his entire strength…,” Xiao Ming — the teenager with a wide mouth commented to Shi Mu. He shook his head repeatedly. It was evident that he had given-up on the idea of a confrontation.

“I’ll give it a try. I’ll receive some injuries at most.”

Shi Mu smiled when he heard Xiao Ming’s words. Then, he lowered his head and raised his foot to move forward.

Shi Mu’s actions had attracted the attention of every teenager. They gazed at Shi Mu in astonishment and started to whisper.

Qu Kun looked at Shi Mu with cold eyes as he saw him emerge from the crowd. He said, “I just warned you guys. But I didn’t expect that some of you would be fearless in the face of death. According to the rules of the Sect — I can’t kill you. But, you will be bed-ridden for six months if I break your limbs. And that won’t get me in any trouble either.”

Qu Kun’s extended his legs as his voice faded, and his body shot forward; like a gigantic arrow from a bow. Then, he shrugged his shoulders and formed a fist to hit Shi Mu. The grey cloth wrapped around his hands burst open to reveal his fists.

The young man’s huge fist had already come close to Shi Mu by the time everyone realised what was happening…

‘Boom’ there was a loud explosive sound.

Two fists had collided. Both the youngsters stood motionless. However, huge circular waves rolled-out with an explosive sound.

Shi Mu and Qu Kun had failed to oppress each other. But, the floor tiles within the vicinity of a few meters had been shattered by the after-effect of their collision. Both of them groaned in faint voices. Then, they fell back half-a-step before regaining their respective footing.

They had shared the impact of the collision; evenly at that.

The surrounding crowd stood in silence. Some of the new disciples were staring with their eyes wide open.

The disciples standing behind Qu Kun were staring at the scene in disbelief.

Everyone had been able to sense the power contained in Qu Kun’s punch. And his companions were well-aware of its terrifying effect.

“Impossible! You don’t have your Qi. Then, how did you have the strength to deal with my Jade-Iron fist? Which martial arts skills did you employ?” Qu Kun looked at Shi Mu attentively as he asked in a loud voice. It seemed that he couldn’t accept the outcome of their confrontation.

“Brother Qu will mock me when he hears the truth. I employed the ‘Stone-Breaking’ Fist…!” Shi Mu withdrew his fist and calmly turned around.

“Stone-Breaking Fist? How can a basic-level martial art skill match my Jade-Iron Fist; and I’ve trained hard for so many years…? Ah… you’re a blood warrior too. Your blood’s inheritance has provided substantial strength to your body!” The youngster couldn’t believe the outcome at first. However, he suddenly recalled something and realised this.

“Brother Qu can assume whatever he wants. But, I need to know whether I can cross the intersection or not,” Shi Mu asked calmly.

“Humph! Since you have resisted my punch… you can cross the intersection. But, you can take advantage of your blood’s inheritance in the initial levels only. That ‘blood’ of yours will be useless at a higher level; it’s the worst type of ‘blood’. It has no advantages in future practice.” Qu Kun’s expressions started to become gloomy. Then, he waved his hand hatefully and stepped aside.

“Thanks a lot!”

Shi Mu respectfully cupped his fists. It seemed as if he hadn’t heard those demeaning words. Then, he went past the intersection; leaving behind a group of boys and girls who seemed to be in a day-dream.

Qu Kun snorted loudly, and then blocked the intersection again. Then, he looked at the new disciples with an intensified fierceness in his eyes.



Chapter 54: The Parrot

Shi Mu entered the vicinity of the stone houses. He started to look for a relatively remote house. He then pushed open the door of the house he had chosen, and went inside.

There was a stone bed, a stone table, two stone stools and an oil lamp inside that room. There were no other basic amenities apart from these things.

Shi Mu knitted his eyebrows at this sight. He closed the door and threw his package on the bed. He then fell into a deep slumber.

He woke up early the next morning. His stomach was rumbling with hunger. He sat up on the bed and fished out two dry rations from his bosom. He quickly ate them. Then, he decided to untie his package.

It wasn’t a small package. It contained clean black robes. Shi Mu swept his fingers on the fabric of the cloth. It felt exceptionally smooth and comfortable. However, it was tenacious and light weight at the same time.

The package also contained three white bottles, twelve red tokens and a thick book. Each of these red tokens was as thick as a finger, and the book was as big as a person’s palm.

Shi Mu picked up the bottles, opened their lids one-by-one, and sniffed their contents.

According to Wild Zhou, the pills in these bottles were called Blood-Strengthening Pills. These pills were used to strengthen the blood to support one’s Real Qi. They were best suitable for beginners as they hadn’t started to practice Real Qi. These pills could increase one’s practicing speed by many-folds within a day. This basic resource was rationed to every primary grade disciple for free. Every disciple would receive three pills each month.[1]

Shi Mu hadn’t yet started the practice of any Cultivation Art to tone up his Real Qi. Therefore, he couldn’t use these pills rashly. He carefully tried to remember the scent of the pills. Then, he put the bottles away. After that, he picked up a token and started to look at it closely.

As per Wild Zhou, these red tokens were Flaming Demon Tokens; the most significant of the rations.

These tokens were the only thing that could be exchanged to learn any kind of martial or cultivation art. Moreover, the means to obtain this token were quite limited.

The surface of the token was engraved with a black-fiery-cloud decorative pattern. It gave a feeling of warmth as Shi Mu held it in his hand. The material used for making this token was special; it couldn’t be imitated.

Shi Mu fiddled with the tokens for a while. Then, he put them aside and picked up the thick book. He started to read it carefully.

He spent some time on it and got a general understanding of everything recorded in the book. He also memorized the map of the Black Demon Sect illustrated on the last page of the book.

A plethora of rules and regulation were recorded in this book. However, Shi Mu found nothing else except rules to encourage competition among the disciples. This whole process seemed similar to weeding out a venomous insect – by filtering out the most genuine and promising candidates from the crowd. The candidate who was filtered out was supposed to possess the ability to step into the Xian Tian level.

According to this book, the junior disciples received thrice as much as the monthly resources of the primary disciples. Similarly, the senior disciples received thrice as much as the junior disciples.

Furthermore, there was a provision for astonishing rewards for disciples who would perform well and obtain higher ranks in the annual competition; this was one of the ways to obtain the Flaming Demon Tokens.

Shi Mu exhaled a long breath. He flipped through the book until some of the important rules had been engraved on his mind; he would later inquire about these rules with other people. Then, he tossed the book on his bed. After that, he changed into the Black Demon Sect’s clothes.

He noticed that a red flame-like mark was printed on his cuffs. A pale silver-colored “primary” pattern was printed in the center of that flame.

Shi Mu shook his head as he saw this. Then, he grabbed his long blade and left the stone house. He proceeded towards the intersection.

He came across a few primary disciples on his way. They were walking hurriedly and looked badly beat-up.

Shi Mu was shocked to see this. He inquired one of the disciples.

Then, he finally understood the whole scenario. This had happened because of Qu Kun – the older disciple whom Shi Mu had confronted the previous day. Shi Mu came to know that Qu Kun had lost his mind later. He had punched five or six new disciples. Many new disciples were badly injured even though they had joined hands to attack the older disciples. Then, each of them had to pay a Flaming Demon Token to enter the vicinity of the stone houses to recuperate.

That is why only a few primary disciples could be seen outside; these were the only people who weren’t severely wounded, and hence the only ones who could get out of their beds.

Shi Mu was dumbfounded. However, his facial expression remained the same.

The new disciples would have readily surrendered a Flaming Demon Token in the beginning if they had been aware of the situation since they wouldn’t have had to endure this suffering.

Shi Mu started to walk away from the intersection. He couldn’t help but look at the Peak of Black Demon that stood not far away.

According to the book-map, this peak was the thirteenth Peaks of Black Demon. This Peak along with the eleventh and the twelfth peak were reserved for primary disciples. Similarly, the eighth, ninth and tenth peaks were reserved for junior disciples. There were only ten senior disciples. However, they occupied the entire of the fifth, sixth and seventh peaks.

The second, third and fourth peaks were entirely reserved for Sect’s heads and elders.

The first Peak of Black Demon was a forbidden area. Nobody could approach this forbidden peak without the permission of the Sect’s chief elders.

Shi Mu gazed at the mountain peak for a moment. He then retracted his vision. Suddenly, his eyes fell on a small bluestone building. The building was situated at the bottom of the valley.

This was the General Library! Primary disciples had access to his place.

Shi Mu had already acquired Qi-sensing. Therefore, he could exchange his Flaming Demon Tokens for a cultivation art to practice Real Qi.

Shi Mu realized that it was possible for him to become a true Hou Tian warrior. This thought set his heart on fire with excitement. He strode towards the bottom of the valley.

“Well, it’s Brother Shi! You’re late. Brother Xiao and I have already chosen our Cultivation arts. Now I understand why Brother Zhou had said that the Flaming Demon Token was the most significant thing in this Sect. It seems that I didn’t risk my life in vain yesterday.” Shi Mu bumped into Bai Shi, the youngster with long hair, as soon as he entered the building’s door. Bai Shi appeared to be in high spirits.

Xiao Ming – the youngster with curly hair and wide mouth — stood beside him. He had a dejected look on his face.

“Oh, it’s you guys! What’s wrong? Did Brother Xiao lose a token yesterday?” Shi Mu was surprised as he saw Xiao Ming’s expressions. He then asked in a straightforward manner.

“Yes. And I’m regretting it now. I should’ve put myself at risk to save my token. It wouldn’t have been a problem even if I had gotten bedridden for a fortnight over it. I could’ve used my Lost-Steps Art,” Xiao Ming snorted as he replied.

“Oh! Why’s that? The Flaming Demon Tokens are scarce. But, they might not be as valuable as you think they are,” Shi Mu was startled.

“Brother Shi, it would be inappropriate for you to comment on that subject. You go inside. You’ll come to know why Brother Xiao has spoken in this manner,” Xiao Ming was about to reply when Bai Shi interrupted him. He spoke with an enigmatic expression on his face.

This made Shi Mu even more curious. He quickly bid his farewell and hurriedly advanced towards the nearby stairs.

A cold voice resounded as he reached the second floor, “Cultivation arts are in the middle; Martial arts are on the left side; and Magic arts are on the right side.”

Shi Mu was startled as he gazed towards the source of the voice.

He saw three book shelves. Each of these book shelves were more than thirty meters tall. Various kinds of ancient books were stacked inside them. Their contents included a few thick ordinary books and a big bundle of rolled-up bamboo slips. There were a few broken slates and large hide-patches as well.

A square table lay in front of these bookshelves. A huge golden cage was placed on top of the table. The cage seemed to be several feet high. There was a giant parrot inside the cage. The feathers of this parrot were exceptionally beautiful. The parrot looked coldly at Shi Mu, and then shook its head.

—

Notes:

The grading of the disciples is done as: Primary < Junior < Senior.

Alternately: Third Grade < Second Grade < First Grade.

And: Grade C < Grade B < Grade A.

The author uses them interchangeably.



Chapter 55: The Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants

“What are you looking at? Haven’t you seen a bird speak before? What do you want? I don’t like being disturbed so early in the morning. That old fellow doesn’t want me to guard the entrance. So, he locked me up here. It’s so suffocating! I’ll swallow that old fellow someday!” The giant parrot lifted its wings and started to comb them with its beak. Then, it spoke these words. Shi Mu was left thunderstruck.

“What’s wrong dear Cai? You don’t like being shackled in the cage? Then I shall wash you and put you in a pot. I’ll stew you and make a large bowl of bird soup. Do you like this idea?” Suddenly, a person’s silhouette appeared behind the table. The person seemed to be as huge and flabby as a mountain.

A shiver ran down Shi Mu’s spine as he saw this. He cautiously gazed at the huge figure. He noticed that this individual was a large and obese man. The man had a greasy luster on his face. There were multiple layers of fat stacked-up across his waist. The fat layers bounced as he moved his body.

“Master, please don’t put me in the pot. I wouldn’t dare to repeat those words. I take my words back,” The giant parrot lay down at the bottom of the cage and covered its eyes with its wings as it heard its master’s words. Then, it screamed and spoke these words while its body started to tremble.

“Senior, this is…” Shi Mu was awestruck; he stared at them blankly.

“There’s no need to create a fuss about it; it’s nothing. This is my pet. I’ve summoned it from another world. When I saw it speaking for the first time… I thought that I had found a great treasure. But, I later discovered that it was totally worthless. It has no skills. I wasted a huge amount of spirit power to obtain it. I would’ve put it into the pot and cooked it if it hadn’t consumed all my money…” the obese man said as he cursed his parrot.

Shi Mu noticed the parrot as it secretly removed its wings from its eyes. Then, it stole a glimpse of the fat man — just like a human would. This sight shocked Shi Mu even further.

“Senior, I am a new disciple. I’ve come here to choose my cultivation art.”

“I know that you’re a new disciple. I wanted to relax for a while in the next room. But, young people like you keep on popping-up one after another. I’m afraid that more people would show-up in some time. Well, you must’ve heard what my parrot said. If you want to read any ancient book… then turn around and help yourself. But you’ll have to pay six Flaming Demon Tokens in return for a book… regardless of whether the book is about martial arts or magic arts. You must’ve received twelve Flaming Demon Tokens like the other new disciples. So you can receive two books in exchange for them — a cultivation art book and a martial art book. But these books are restricted for open access. You’re only allowed to browse through their introduction. You can choose one book after proper consideration. Then, you can come to me with it. I’ll copy the contents of that book onto a jade slip for you. My surname is Ju. I’m the Young Master of this place,” the fat man said and looked away.

Shi Mu finally understood Bai Shi’s remarks.

Xiao Ming could only choose a single cultivation art since he had lost one of his Flaming Demon Tokens. He would have to wait for another year if he wanted to choose additional Hou Tian martial arts. This would’ve obviously made him regret his decision.

He had lost the chance to strengthen himself faster in comparison to the other new disciples. Therefore, the difference between his strength and that of the other new disciples would grow considerably with the passage of time.

“Young Master Ju, thank you so much for your guidance,” Shi Mu respectfully replied to the obese man.

Then, he walked past the table and went straight towards the first row of the bookshelf. The shelf was packed with books on Cultivation arts.

“The Book of Rock Art”, “The Book of Blood Waves Art”, “The Triple-Yang Secret Art”, “The Heaven-Stirring Real Qi Art”, “The Book of Primal Youth”…

Shi Mu became excited as he saw the books on the dazzling Hou Tian level Cultivation arts. He started to go through these books one-by-one.

The Book of Rock Art — this art focused on stability. The difficulty-level to practice this art was low. It didn’t include any external objects. It was divided into five layers. Its growth rate wasn’t affected by one’s Real Qi. The user’s cultivation would advance once they were able to master the five layers of this art. Then, the practitioner could step into the Xian Tian level. It was suitable for practitioners with average intelligence.

The Triple-Yang Secret Art — this was a positive attribution Cultivation art. The difficulty-level to practice this art was average. Its practice required a massive quantity of positive attribution pills. It was divided into three layers. The Real Qi could supplement the strength of positive fire. This art could rely on one’s Real Qi to injure one’s enemy from inside their body. The user’s cultivation would advance once they were able to master the five layers of this art. Then, one could eventually break-through the Xian Tian level. It was suitable for practitioners with average intelligence, and practitioners who had requisite practice resources.

The Heaven-Stirring Real Qi Art ¬ — this Cultivation art was characterized by vigorous power. The difficulty-level to practice this art was average. Its practice didn’t include any external objects. It was divided into seven layers. Its growth rate wasn’t affected by one’s Real Qi. One’s Real Qi became exceptionally profound once the entirety of its layers had been attained. Then, one could step into the Xian Tian level. It was suitable for any practitioner; even the ones with poor intelligence.

Shi Mu thumbed through these ancient records of various Cultivation arts. He discovered that the introduction of these books was extraordinarily detailed. It contained the characteristics and difficulty-levels to practice these arts. In addition, it included advice and suggestions to choose the book carefully.

Shi Mu knew what kind of a book he would choose. He had decided it at an earlier time.

He knew that the practice of Real Qi would be detrimental to him since he possessed the ‘Stone Monkey’ bloodline. Therefore, he didn’t wish to choose any difficult Cultivation art. However, his bodily strength had already reached an extent where he could withstand an entry level Hou Tian Warrior. So, he might as well choose an art that could increase his physical strength even further. He could also choose an extremely formidable and vigorous Cultivation art. But he would need to gain more resources in the annual competition. That would conversely accelerate his cultivation speed.

Shi Mu browsed through the books arranged on the tall bookshelf. Finally, he stopped in front of a bunch of thick bamboo slips. He held them in his hands to examine them more carefully.

The Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants — this Cultivation art was known for the greatness of its strength. The difficulty-level to practice this art was low. But its practice required an external object – the Bone-Tempering Pill. It was divided into eleven layers. It rendered immense physical strength to its practitioner with each advancing stage; equal to that of an elephant’s. However, one would have to devote a long time to complete the entirety of its stages. It also required the consumption of large quantities of expensive pills. It was suggested that a disciple with poor financial background shouldn’t opt for it…”

The nature of Real Qi and the difficulty-level to practice this art were suitable for Shi Mu. However, he was faced with the limitation of the consumption of a substantial amount of pills.

He intended to take advantage of the competitions to obtain resources in order to accelerate his practice speed. But, he couldn’t get pills in the beginning phase of his practice. Moreover, the Bone-Tempering Pill seemed to be quite expensive. He wouldn’t be able to do anything significant in the competition if this Cultivation art didn’t turn out as powerful as he expected; that would be like picking up a stone and pounding it on one’s own foot.

Shi Mu stood hesitantly for a while. Suddenly, something dawned upon him. He put down the bamboo slips and turned around. Then, he walked over to the obese man.

“Have you chosen your Cultivation art?” The fat man was poking his parrot with a wooden stick; he seemed to be toying with it. The parrot was issuing strange screams. Then, the obese man spoke without turning his head as he heard the sound of approaching footsteps.

“Young Master Ju, I once heard that there is a Blood Chamber in our sect, and it caters to arts for Blood Warriors. But, this disciple couldn’t see any such mark on the map. I hope that Young Master Ju would give me some advice,” Shi Mu stood behind him and asked respectfully.

“Oh! Are you a Blood Warrior? No wonder… the time of the Blood warriors has arrived. In fact, plenty of Blood Warriors will emerge this time,” the fat man turned around and murmured.

“This disciple is indeed a Blood Warrior,” Shi Mu replied without any hesitation. He added that he possessed the ‘wasted blood of the Stone Monkey’; but silently in his heart… regardless, he was still a Blood Warrior.



Chapter 56: The Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape

“Believing your words is out of question. I’ll have to check if you’ve stimulated your blood. Only then can you pass through to the Blood Chambers. But, you can relax. There’s no need to check the kind of bloodline you possess. No one in this Sect bothers about such things; especially if you don’t want to make it public,” the fat man said lightly.

“So, the Blood Chamber is inside the General Library?” Shi Mu felt exhilarated when he heard these words. He became relieved and asked once again.

“There are three General Libraries; they cater to the three categories of the Sect’s disciples — primary, junior and senior. But, there’s only one Blood Chamber; its access is restricted. This Chamber is interlinked with the three General Libraries. Now, let me examine you without any further delay,” the fat man shook his head as he said. Then, he turned his palm. Suddenly, a bronze mirror appeared in his hand. He mumbled some strange incantations and placed the mirror in front of Shi Mu.

“Puff” A thick beam of light spurted-out of the mirror and submerged into Shi Mu’s body.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s body started to tremble. Then, his blood started to seethe with excitement; it seemed as if a group of fire-balls had started to simmer inside his body.

“Buzz” a humming sound was heard. Then, some scarlet-red rays appeared on the otherwise calm surface of the mirror.

“You’re a blood warrior! You’ve passed the test. Come with me,” The fat man put away the bronze mirror. Then, he turned around and walked towards a nearby side-door.

Shi Mu followed him closely.

Shi Mu soon arrived in a large cabin along with the fat man. The cabin’s floor was engraved with a decorative pattern of silver rings and some unknown text. The silver rings and the text were arranged to form a huge circular pattern.

The fat man took the lead and walked to the center of the circular pattern. He then pinched his finger with his thumb and raised his hand. Suddenly, a yellow paper-charm appeared in his hand. The paper-charm ignited by itself and turned into a group of blazing fire-balls. Then, it submerged into the circular pattern.

A ‘pop’ sound was heard.

Suddenly, the circular pattern exuded a bright white light, and a trace of red cloud-shaped light rolled-up from the floor. Shi Mu’s body started to get fuzzy. Then, he disappeared into the white light.

“I didn’t know that there would be so many blood disciples in our Sect… I might as well request for more transmission paper-charms,” the fat man murmured as he clasped his hands behind his back. He then turned around and left.

Shi Mu felt giddy since his head whirled. Suddenly, he found himself standing in a strange hall.

The hall was vacant. It was made up of pure-white jade stones. It was quite spacious; so much so that it could easily hold hundreds of people. A thin layer of translucent light-screen seemed to be suspended midair. More than hundred balls of light of different sizes-and-colors could be seen floating inside the light screen.

“I am Meng Gu — guard of this Blood Chamber. These floating balls of light are the various kinds of blood inheritances our Sect possesses; we’ve been saving them for several thousand years. Several martial arts and secret techniques exist inside this. But, if you wish to practice an art… then you must have the particular type of ‘blood’ required for its practice. Also, if your ‘bloodline’ turns out to be unusual and cold… then you may have to leave empty-handed. Now, toss a drop of your blood into the air. These balls of light will fall in accordance with your blood. Then, you may choose from them.”

Shi Mu felt somewhat surprised as the source of the voice wasn’t visible, and the direction it was coming from was untraceable. However, he bit his finger without any hesitation, and flung his hand up-into-the-air.

A drop of blood was flung into the air. The blood-drop seemed to have gained some sort of a strange strength as it swirled in the air.

Suddenly, there was a ripple across the surface of the silver light-screen. Then, a silver streak of light emanated out of it, and pierced the blood-drop.

The blood-drop gradually disappeared. Then, bright-red-colored text started to emerge on the silver screen. The entire surface of the silver screen was soon covered with the text.

The numerous balls of light stopped to flutter above the silver screen. Suddenly, a bright and a dark light flashed.

“Whiz” “whiz” there were two whizzing sounds. Two balls of light flashed — one of them was big and the other was small; one was black and the other was red. They broke the silver light screen as they rushed down.

Shi Mu subconsciously grabbed them. They turned out to be a piece of a black bone and the hide of an unknown animal.

“Hehe… Young guy, you’re pretty lucky. These two objects seem to suit you. You’re needed to place these objects against your forehead. Then, you’ll automatically obtain the related introductions to these two blood-arts,” Meng Gu’s voice resounded again.

Shi Mu acknowledged his directions in a loud tone. Then, he placed the smaller object against his forehead — it was the hide. Suddenly, there was a burst of ripples in his mind; vivid and life-like images started to pop in his brain.

The first image consisted of a small red monkey; it seemed to be standing inside a circle of fire-balls.

The second image was composed of a big red monkey which seemed to be bathing in the magma inside the crater of a volcano.

The third image showed a red monkey which was shooting fires from its mouth. The flames gradually transformed into a monstrous black fog, and bellowed into a sea of fire.

The fourth and the last image consisted of a red monkey. It had a pair of blazing-fire wings on its back. It stood on a high altitude. It had a look of disdain on its face as it overlooked several mysterious monsters.

These images suddenly stopped floating across his mind. Then, some text paragraphs started to appear inside his mind.

“The Book of the Flaming Red Ape – this technique belongs to the positive attributes. It is inherited from the ancient ‘Heavenly Flying Flaming Ape’. The difficulty level to practice this art is ‘average’. It draws its support from the ‘Flaming Spirit Field’. It requires a large amount of positive pills. Warriors with ape and monkey bloodlines can practice this art. This book embodies a deep breathing therapy and two supporting martial arts. It needs good practice credentials. It can be obtained in-exchange for fifty Flaming Demon Tokens.”

Shi Mu was speechless after reading this. But, he didn’t waste any time. He removed the hide from his forehead and placed the black bone in its place.

Shi Mu didn’t say anything. However, he was worried about collecting those fifty Flaming Demon Tokens.

Shi Mu felt slightly cold as the black bone touched his skin. Suddenly, the image of a gigantic black ape emerged in his mind; it was beating its chest with its hands with a ‘bang’ sound. Then, the image disappeared after a few seconds; it was replaced by a paragraph of some text.

“The Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape – this technique specializes in mortal-body strengthening. It is inherited from the ancient ‘Strong Evil-Spirit Ape’. It’s a supplementary secret technique. Therefore, it needs to be coordinated with other techniques. The difficulty level to practice this art is ‘simple’. Warriors with ape and monkey class bloodlines can practice this art. But, it can only be practiced with the aid of ape and monkey class pure-bloods. This art is divided into nine layers. Each of these layers mutates one’s bones and meridians to enhance one’s physical strength. But, this process is incomparably painful; the warrior will experience extreme pain. It will feel as if a million knives are piercing inside one’s skin and cutting it. This can be obtained in exchange for six Flaming Demon Tokens.”

Shi Mu read the introduction carefully and thought for a while. Then, he removed the bone and shouted excitedly, “Elder, this boy shall choose this art!”

“Oh! Are you really that determined? Don’t blame me for not warning you beforehand. Since this art requires a lesser number of Flaming Demon Tokens… there has to be a huge fatal defect. As far as I know… this blood-art is very good to practice. But, you’ll suffer enormous pain while practicing it. The intensity of the pain will keep on multiplying with each advancing level. Even your bones and meridians would be badly mutilated. Ever since our Sect has collected this art… there have been only three disciples who’ve picked it. Two of them could only reach the third level since they couldn’t withstand the severe pain any further. As for the third person… he had great will-power. But, his real Qi exploded at the fifth stage, and he died. This art only needs an ordinary bloodline of any ‘ape’ class at the beginning stage. But, the demand for purer blood increases as the level goes higher. To put it simply… the blood of a holy ape is needed in order to continue its practice after the fifth level. Therefore, the current price for the art is being charged for the first-three levels. In case you cross level three… the Sect may reward you for your splendid work,” Meng Gu’s voice resounded again.

“Thank you so much, Elder. This boy will do his best. …I’ll only practice till the first-three levels in the worst case scenario.” Shi Mu felt a cold shiver in his heart when he heard this warning. Then, he gave it some thought and answered persistently.

“Well, I can’t stop you in that case. Toss the bone into the air; along with six tokens. I’ll hand over a copy of the art to you,” Meng Gu replied in an expressionless tone; he gave no further warning to Shi Mu.

Shi Mu responded and tossed the bone, hide and six tokens into the air with all his might.

The hide and bone flashed as they disappeared into the light screen. The six Flaming Demon Tokens vanished into thin air as soon as they were tossed by Shi Mu.

Then, a light-red jade slip fell from the light screen. Shi Mu stretched his hand and grabbed it.

“Remember, this jade slip will destroy itself after three days; so memorize its contents. Don’t pass it on to the other disciples. If that matter reaches the Sect… then either your cultivation will be abolished… or you’ll be executed,” Meng Gu’s voice resounded once again.



Chapter 57: Soul Magician

Soul Magician

“This boy will keep it in mind,” Shi Mu didn’t dare to refute when he heard these words. Therefore, he replied in a courteous manner. Then, he tucked the light-red jade slip into his bosom.

“Good; you can leave now,” Meng Gu seemed satisfied with his reply. Therefore, he calmly indicated for Shi Mu to leave the hall.

There was complete silence in the hall.

Shi Mu was about to ask the way towards the exit of the hall when the translucent lights suspended mid-air started to ripple. Then, they started to emanate an endless strand of white light that shrouded Shi Mu’s body.

Shi Mu couldn’t see anything for a while since his eyes were dazzled by the bright light. He realized that he was standing in the small room of the General Library by the time he could see his surroundings again.

Shi Mu observed his surroundings as he started to regain his composure. He noticed that Young Master Ju wasn’t around. He didn’t wish to leave the room immediately. So, he moved his feet and carefully left the huge circular pattern. Then, he started to examine the silver patterns and the enigmatic text engraved on the ground.

Shi Mu couldn’t understand anything. However, he guessed that these patterns and text should be related to the Blood Chamber, and could only be activated by Young Master Ju’s yellow paper-charm.

Shi Mu fished out a yellow paper-charm from his bosom as this thought crossed his mind. This was the same charm that he had received from that Xian Tian warrior — Ye Hong Yao of the Wonderful Sound Sect — to help him find the Black Turtle Sect’s messenger.

He had left the Yun Xia Mountain Range the same day in order to recuperate from his injuries. But, he had been studying this charm ever since.

This paper-charm was just a long strip of paper. But it was filled with some strange designs and text; they constituted a strange pattern. It seemed to have some mysterious function, but it was beyond his understanding.

Previously, Ye Hong Yao had healed Shi Mu’s broken arms in a split second by using her two healing charms. And now, Young Master Ju had used another charm to transmit him to the Blood Chamber.

The mysterious functions of these charms made Shi Mu envious.

Shi Mu had memorized the patterns and text of these charms even though he had seen them just for a split-second when Ye Hong Yao and Young Master Ju had invoked them.

Shi Mu compared the charms in his mind. He realized that Young Master Ju’s charm was more complicated in terms of patterns and symbols than the messenger-charm he held in his hand. However, the healing charm was the most complex amongst the three.

Then, he compared the pattern drawn on the ground with his messenger charm. He found that both shared similarities in their patterns and characters even though they looked different.

Shi Mu was pleasantly surprised by this discovery.

Shi Mu slipped the charm back into his bosom after some consideration. Then, he left the room. After that, he started to walk towards the room that contained ancient books.

He had barely entered the room when Young Master Ju’s voice resounded, “Young boy, you stayed there for a long time. This means that you must’ve gotten a good result. Isn’t it?”

A fat man as huge and bulky as a mountain stood behind the square table; his hands were rested on his back. The huge parrot rocked its head endlessly. The parrot opened its mouth to say something when it saw Shi Mu. But it hesitated as it remembered the presence of the fat man, and remained silent.

“Thank you for your concern, Young Master Ju. This boy has indeed found a cultivation art — the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape,” Shi Mu walked towards him as he replied frankly without making any effort to conceal the art he had chosen.

“Oh, that’s good. But, hold on! Why did you choose this art? Didn’t Meng Gu warn you?” The fat man revealed a trace of satisfaction amidst a pleased expression since he felt Shi Mu’s honesty. But then, he thought of something, and a startled expression spread across his face. He looked at Shi Mu with a perplexed look as he asked in a loud voice.

“Yes, Elder Meng Gu told me everything about this art; everything that I should’ve known before selecting it.” Then, Shi Mu repeated Meng Gu’s words in front of the fat man.

“I never thought that you’d be such a strong kid. I wonder how far you can go. Hehe… Now, you should choose a martial arts technique with the remaining six Flaming Demon Tokens.” The fat man sized him up. He then waved his hand as he spoke these words.

Then, the fat man shifted his gaze towards his huge parrot. It seemed as if Shi Mu no longer existed there.

Shi Mu responded respectfully. Then, he looked at the left and the middle bookshelves. He hesitated for a moment before he walked past the table and towards the middle book shelf.

“Are you determined about choosing this ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’? Don’t blame me later for not reminding you. Although this art looks easy… it requires a huge amount of pills, and they would be quite expensive. Furthermore, even though practicing two cultivation arts simultaneously isn’t very strange… it would be like biting-off more than one can chew. I accept that there were some predecessors in our Sect who had practiced two cultivation arts simultaneously… but I hope that you’re smart enough to understand its pros and cons. And don’t forget… martial arts techniques are equally important at the time of a real fight.” The fat man stared at Shi Mu in a strange manner when he saw the thick bundle of bamboo slips Shi Mu had put on the square table.

“Young Master Ju, thank you for reminding me. But, this boy has made-up his mind,” Shi Mu replied. Then, he cupped his one hand in the other and placed it across his chest in obeisance. He then handed-over his last six Flaming Demon Tokens to the fat man.

The fat man received the tokens without saying anything. Then, he took out a white jade slip. He placed it and the bamboo slip successively on Shi Mu’s forehead and murmured an incantation.

After that, he passed the jade slip to Shi Mu; along with some necessary words of advice. Then, he pointed towards the door and asked Shi Mu to leave.

“Young Master Ju — are you a magician?” Shi Mu asked unknowingly as he stretched his hand to receive the white jade slip.

“Hehe, I didn’t know this kid has such good eyesight. Yes, I’m a magician of the Spirit Grade — a rare Soul Magician. How else could I’ve summoned such a useless bird from the other world?” A complacent look traced across the fat man’s face. Then, he started to blaze with fury as he glared at his giant parrot and poked it with a wooden stick.

“Master, please don’t… ah…” the giant parrot cried as it begged for mercy.

Shi Mu acted tactfully as he saw the fat man’s indignant expressions. He decided not to ask anything further. He carefully bore the mention of ‘Soul Magician’ in his mind — as spoken by the fat man. Then, he said goodbye to him and walked down the stairs.

It was noon by the time Shi Mu came out of the General Library. He started to walk in the direction of his stone house.

He ate some dry fruits upon reaching his room. After that, he sat down cross-legged on his bed and pulled-out the two jade slips from his bosom. Then, he started to read them.

These two ancient books were meant to be memorized within three days. Therefore, he couldn’t afford to waste any time.



Chapter 58: Real Qi

Shi Mu picked up the light-red jade slip and placed it on his forehead. Then, he closed his eyes. This was the same slip on which the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape was recorded.

Shi Mu opened his eyes after he had studied the slip for half-an-hour. His complexion looked unsightly and his brows were tightly knitted.

He had read the introduction of this Art back in the Blood Chamber. But now, he had browsed through the entire nine stages of this art. He realized that the practice-process of this art wasn’t complex. In fact, it was easy to understand. But, he couldn’t begin to practice it immediately.

One needed to possess a monkey or ape class blood to practice the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape. Then, one could begin to practice the art by drawing the support from the Demon Qi.

According to the jade slip, the Demon Qi was a special vitality which could be found in some dark and evil places. This Demon Qi was different from spiritual energy. In addition, it was harmful for the human body.

The Demon Qi was required to temper one’s body and strengthen one’s nerves and bones for the practice of this art. That’s why the practice-process of this art was extremely painful.

It was almost impossible for a martial arts practitioner like Shi Mu to withstand the tempering of his body. This was because he had never practiced a Hou Tian level technique before. In addition, he lacked the Real Qi which was essential to protect one’s vital parts and meridians. Even a slight carelessness in the practice-process could destroy his meridians; he could be left disabled for life. He might even end up dead if his Real Qi exploded during the process.

There was no mention of Real Qi in the introduction of the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape. However, there must be certain extent of Real Qi required in vivo before the start of the practice of this art. Otherwise, the practice of this art would turn into a suicide attempt.

A trace of hesitation crossed Shi Mu’s face.

Shi Mu couldn’t practice the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape at his current level. However, he didn’t need to practice two arts simultaneously. Therefore, he might as well start to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants with single-hearted devotion. He could start the practice of the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape once he had cultivated some Real Qi.

Shi Mu kept the light-red jade slip aside as he reached this conclusion. Then, he picked up the white slip.

He placed the white slip on his forehead and sat down cross-legged.

He opened his eyes after an hour.

Then, he put down the slip. His eyes were slightly narrowed. There was a look of excitement on his face.

He had memorized the entire eleven stages of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. This art was easy to comprehend; as stated in its introduction.

Shi Mu took a deep breath and got up. He stretched his body to relax his muscles. Then, he again sat down cross-legged on the bed. He meditated the mnemonic rhymes of this art for a while. After that, he kept his arms flat on his knees and assumed a meditative posture.

Shi Mu had practiced Body Tempering Arts of martial disciple level till now. However, Hou Tian arts were quite different. A practitioner had to sense the presence of spiritual power in the surrounding environment in Hou Tian arts. Then, he had to absorb this spiritual power into his body to transform it into Real Qi.

The intelligence of the cultivator, the art that was being practiced and the practice environment – all these factors were closely related to this process.

The strength of the Qi-sensing was directly related to the talent of the practitioner. However, it was easier to absorb the spiritual power into one’s body if the art was exquisite. The amount of spiritual power present in the environment was also very important.

Shi Mu sat down quietly and tried to calm his mind down. Then, he exerted all his efforts to start the practice of the first layer of the art.

The corners of his mouth curled into a bitter smile after a while.

He had already comprehended the process of Qi-sensing. But, the flow of blood in his meridians was sluggish even though he could feel the spiritual power in his environment. This was making it difficult for him to absorb the spiritual power into his body even though he had spent a long time attempting it.

However, Shi Mu maintained his calm and kept trying. He was clearer about sensing the spiritual power now. However, his blood vessels produced a light blocking-repulsion force every time he tried to absorb the spiritual power in his meridians. And this light blocking-repulsion kept repelling the spiritual power every time.

Suddenly, Shi Mu recalled Li Cang Hai’s words. According to him… his Stone Monkey blood would create a strong force to block his blood vessels. So, his speed of condensing Real Qi would be much inferior to other people. His words had turned out to be true.

Shi Mu sighed in his heart as this thought crossed his mind. However, even this couldn’t discourage him. On the contrary, his eyes lit-up with a firm and resolute look.

The Stone Monkey blood hadn’t blocked his practice in a thorough manner. It was true that his practice speed would be a lot slower than others. But, he could make up for his poor natural talent by hard work. Fighting for more practicing resources in a sect like the Black Demon Sect would be no big deal for him as long as he had enough strength. Therefore, his future accomplishments wouldn’t fall behind other people.

It was night now. Shi Mu had been defeated numerous times by now. Eventually, he held the miraculous glow – a tiny wisp of the spiritual power, and carefully introduced it into his body. It slowly started to circulate in his meridians.

Shi Mu didn’t dare slack-off for even a second. However, he couldn’t control himself and his eyes lit up with happiness.

He realized that he had finally set out on the path to pursue martial arts.

Time rolled on. The dark night was taken over by the bright daylight; and then the night arrived again. But, Shi Mu continued to sit in the same posture with his legs crossed. He was motionless.

Suddenly, his body quivered slightly. This made him open his eyes.

He took the support of his bed and stood up. Then, he abruptly jumped to the ground.

He had tortured himself for an entire day and night. However, there wasn’t a single trace of exhaustion on his face. In fact, he was brimming with high spirits and inexhaustible strength.

Bang! Bang!

Shi Mu shook his arms and pounded his fists twice. His fists cut through the air and exuded a strange howling sound. It seemed as if he had set off two big firecrackers.

He looked at his hands.

Shi Mu hadn’t obtained much physical strength, but the strength of his fists had increased magnificently.

He could feel a slight fluctuation of a strange airflow streaming slowly in his meridians. The airflow started to flow faster as he concentrated. Then, it condensed and advanced towards his lower abdomen. After that, it changed into a wisp of extremely thin Real Qi.

Shi Mu had achieved this with a day and night of self-torture – he had finally condensed his first wisp of Real Qi. His Qi was as slim as a piece of silk, but it proved that Shi Mu could become a true Hou Tian Warrior. Moreover, the might of his fist had been magnified because of that strand of Real Qi.

Shi Mu’s face revealed a trace of delight. However, he again started to condense a wisp of Real Qi on his left palm after a little hesitation.

Suddenly, his palm turned hot and expanded a bit. Then, the edge of his palm started to exude a faint white light; it seemed similar to the Blood Palm of the Fifth Master of the Jin family.

Suddenly, his stature flashed a few times as he arrived in a small courtyard. He looked around and noticed a millstone-sized blue stone in a corner.

Shi Mu shouted and pounced forward like a cheetah. He threw his Real Qi-condensed hand forward and hit the stone with great force.

“Arghh!”

“Puff” a muffled sound burst out.

Shi Mu’s stature flashed and he almost flew back to his original place as he pounded the stone with his palm. This entire process happened in just a couple of breaths’ time.

Shi Mu’s movement and hit had been extremely fast; so much so that people with poor eyesight wouldn’t even see his movement.

Snap!

A clear print of the palm appeared on the stone. Multiple cracks appeared around that print. These cracks quickly spread in all directions.

The millstone-sized blue stone turned into a pile of broken stones, and scattered all-over the place.



Chapter 59: The Old Man in the Dream

Shi Mu’s chest moved up and down. His complexion was pale. His palm was a little red, but it didn’t hurt.

He walked over to the broken stone and grabbed a handful of stone’s fragments. His eyes flickered brightly. The faint trace of a smile glittered across his face.

He could finally produce an incredible power by coordinating his Real Qi with his inborn strength. He could’ve crushed the millstone-sized stone with a single punch before as well, but not to such an extent.

Shi Mu recalled the day when he had a life-or-death fight with the Fifth Master of the Jin Family. The Fifth Master’s Blood Palm wouldn’t have posed any danger to him if he had this palm strength back then. In fact, he would’ve been a well-matched opponent to him.

Shi Mu’s eyes moved. He turned over his hand and released the fragments of the blue stone as he shook his head.

His palm’s might was incredible, but it had consumed his stored Real Qi. Therefore, he would have to sit in meditation to restore his Real Qi.

Moreover, he needed to continue with his practice if he wanted to confront an intermediate stage Hou Tian Warrior like the Fifth Master of the Jin family; the more the condensation – the more the Real Qi accumulation.

He returned to his room and sat down cross-legged on his stone bed. There was a hint of hesitation on his face.

He needed to plan his timing appropriately for his future training. It was important for him to continue to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants so that he could achieve the basic standard needed to practice the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape.

Shi Mu didn’t have any extra Flaming Demon Token to use in exchange for more Hou Tian level martial arts techniques. Therefore, he could only proceed with his ‘Gale-Force Blade’ Art and ‘Stone-Breaking Fist’ Art.

However, he had mastered these two martial arts techniques till their advanced stages. So, he could cope-up with the current situation with the support from his Real Qi in a perfect manner.

Shi Mu pondered for a while. Then, he picked up the light-red jade slip and placed it against his forehead. He then started to recite it.

He had to thoroughly memorize the contents of the jade slip before the end of the third day even though he couldn’t yet practice the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape.

Two crisp sounds echoed on the noon of the third day. This awakened Shi Mu who was still sitting cross-legged in meditation.

He opened his eyes to see two small piles of fine dust on his bed – one of them was white and the other red. The corners of his eyes twitched slightly.

It turned out that Meng Gu was right. The copy of the jade slips that he had received from the Blood Chamber had self-destructed at the end of the third day.

Fortunately, he had thoroughly memorized the contents of both the slips.

Suddenly, a sound of footsteps was heard from outside his room. This was followed by a knock on his door.

Shi Mu’s brows wrinkled as he got up to open the door. There were two people standing outside his room; they were Bai Shi and Xiao Ming.

“Brother Shi, we didn’t see you for three days. Were you practicing martial arts technique behind the closed door? If you’re that concerned with your practice… then don’t be in a hurry. We’re going on a walk around the mountains to know our Sect a bit better. Is brother Shi interested in joining us?” Bai Shi said with a soft smile.

Shi Mu quickly considered the invitation and replied with a smile, “Good idea! I was getting bored the last few days. So, I was also planning to go outside for a walk.”

Shi Mu was well-aware of the brutal rules of the Black Demon Sect. He knew that the Sect encouraged its disciples to compete with each other. In fact, the disciples had formed several small groups like the he had encountered on the first day of his arrival.

It was time for the new disciples to look for their comrades and form a group. Moreover, it was estimated that several new groups would soon come into existence. Bai Shi had seen Shi Mu’s fight with Qu Kun. Therefore, he had a fair idea of his astonishing strength. Therefore, Bai Shi and Xiao Ming wanted to be friends with Shi Mu.

Shi Mu couldn’t reject such a good chance either. Besides, he wanted to inquire about the Sect and the place from where he could buy the pills. The Bone Tempering Pills were required to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. But, Shi Mu had no idea where he could acquire these pills from.

“Haha… Great! We shouldn’t delay now… Let’s move!” Bai Shi and Xiao Ming gladly looked at each other as they heard Shi Mu’s reply.

“Oh, that’s correct. We should invite some other disciples as well,” Xiao Ming suggested in a casual tone.

“Hmm… I think the girl who had bells hanging from her clothes lives nearby…” Bai Shi nodded in agreement as he pointed his finger towards a stone house.

The three of them started to move towards the girl’s house while chatting casually…

Soon it was night. Shi Mu breathed steadily and slowly as he lay on his bed.

His bed was placed against the window. So, the bright moonlight fell directly on his body as it flooded the room. Shi Mu’s body moved slightly up and down as it shimmered in the white light; just like the surface of the water.

…

The steep mountain peak shot-up towards the sky. The mountain’s massive form was black and glossy in texture; there were hardly any trees. The surrounding area was covered with a range of hills. However, no other hill could surpass it since it was the tallest peak. It was surrounded by a cluster of hills in the same way as the moon is surrounded by the stars.

The mountain peak was a stretch of spacious open area which was filled with grass and weed.

This vast area was densely populated with various wild animals like tigers, panthers, wolves, bears, birds, foxes, rabbits and so on.

These animals had assumed different postures. A few of them were standing; some were squatting and some crawling. Surprisingly, tigers could be seen with rabbits, and bears could be seen with foxes.

Their postures were different from each other; it seemed very unusual.

These beasts are supposed to attack each other. However, they had swarmed around a white jade stone with their heads lowered.

An old man sat cross-legged on the white jade stone. He had a long white beard. His eyebrows were white and very long; so much so that they were hanging down to his waist.

There was a wooden ruler in the old man’s hand. The old man looked gently at the surrounding animals as he moved his lips. It seemed as if he was saying something.

The chilly evening breeze combed the weeds and produced intermittent ripples through the tall grass.

However, the gathered beasts stared at the old man constantly. They listened to him carefully with extreme attention and devotion; they were motionless.

The tallest mountain peak was calm except for the faint voice of the old man which could be heard reverberating in the night sky.

Suddenly, a white ape pushed his way through the crowd. There was a trace of anxiety on its face. It scratched its cheeks and ears in a restless manner.

The ape tried to listen to the old man’s words. However, it couldn’t understand a single word spoken by the old man even though the old man’s voice rang in its ears.

The ape noticed the surrounding beasts as they listened to the old man with great concentration. This increased its agitation. Finally, the ape couldn’t endure and issued a faint groan.

The ape’s groan sounded harsh in the tranquil surroundings even though it was faint. The old man stopped speaking as he heard it.

The other beasts stared at the white ape. But, they didn’t make any movement because of the presence of the old man.

The old man shifted his gaze towards the white ape. Then, he stood up and slowly walked towards it.

The other beasts got up and started to move aside to make way for the old man. These animals looked at the ape in a contemptuous and hostile manner.

The white ape bent down towards the old man with a pleading look in its eyes. Then, he exuded a soft cry as it scratched its head.

The old man with long eyebrows smiled as he gently patted the white ape’s head thrice with the wooden ruler.

The white ape’s body quivered violently as the wooden ruler touched its head; it seemed as if three startling thunder claps had crashed inside its mind.

Suddenly, the white ape’s eyes lit-up with brightness as a startling thought flashed through its mind.

The ape was struck by enlightenment as the meaning of the words spoken by the old man became clear to it.

“Creak”

The white ape scratched its ears and cheeks again. The ape’s face brimmed with joy as the surrounding beasts threw envious and disdainful looks towards it. The ape lowered its hands in the front as it kneeled before the old man.



Chapter 60: The Bone Tempering Pill

Shi Mu woke up; he was in his stone house. His heart was beating fast and he was sweating profusely; so much so that his clothes were completely drenched.

His complexion looked different. However, his eyes were brimming with joy.

His eyesight had been mutated. So, the moonlight had enabled him to climb to a high altitude every night and enter his dreamland by incarnating as an ape. Therefore, he had been able to absorb life essence in the form of moonlight and had continued to strengthen his eyesight.

However, the growth rate of his eyesight had slowed down with time. Now, his eyesight didn’t achieve an increased range even if there was plenty of moonlight.

But, he had seen an entirely different dream tonight. Today, he didn’t climb up a tree as an ape to absorb the moonlight but was listening to an old man’s speech instead.

Shi Mu vaguely felt that it wasn’t a misdemeanor even though he didn’t know the reason.

However, a bitter smile spread across his lips.

Shi Mu couldn’t recall a single word from the dream; let alone its comprehension.

Shi Mu wasn’t feeling sleepy. Therefore, he jumped from his bed and started to walk back and forth in his room as he scratched his head. This action was similar to the white ape’s action of scratching its face in the dream.

The words the old man spoke to him in his dream seemed to be very important.

But, he couldn’t recall a single of these words even after several attempts. Therefore, he let out a deep sigh and went back to his bed.

Shi Mu ate some dry foods after waking up the next day. Then, he pushed open the door and walked out of his room.

Shi Mu had gone through a self-torturing session. Therefore, he had attained the beginning stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. He had also condensed the Real Qi in his body. Now, he could become a Hou Tian Warrior. However, he needed a large number of Bone Tempering Pills to continue to practice this cultivation art.

The one million silver notes that he possessed were accepted in each of the three kingdoms. Also, such a big amount of money was considered to be a great asset. However, it had no value in the Black Demon Sect. Therefore, Shi Mu couldn’t be at ease until he had searched for the Bone Tempering Pill.

The entire valley was filled with morning mist and appeared peaceful.

Shi Mu noticed several new faces as he stepped out of his room. These people wore the same clothes as him. Some new disciples had an excited and cheerful look on their faces. They must’ve chosen suitable cultivation arts for themselves and must be making preparations for the practice.

Shi Mu crossed the intersection and started to walk towards the center of the valley. The Bluestone Plaza was situated at this location according to Bai Shi and Xiao Ming.

Shi Mu reached the broad streets of the Bluestone Plaza in a short while. Various kinds of shops were situated on both sides of the street. Shi Mu could smell a faint aroma of medicines.

Shi Mu’s spirits were elevated as he smelled the aroma. He started to walk hurriedly and arrived at an exquisite three-storied building. The place was flooded with people and was bustling with noise and excitement.

Shi Mu looked up and saw a ten-feet-long golden board hanging above the entrance of the building. The board was engraved with huge and elegant words — “Aromatic Pills Pavilion”.

Shi Mu was startled as he entered the shop since its interiors were similar to what he had imagined.

The hall was bright and spacious; its ceiling was 10 meters high. The hall could hold a hundred people at a time.

There was a sales counter in the hall. It seemed to be made up of precious Purple-Heart wood. There were several rows of shelves. They were also made-up of the same wood. Some of these shelves were filled with various kinds of herbal pills, while the others held small and exquisite porcelain bottles. These bottles presumably contained various kinds of pills.

Twenty or thirty Black Demon Sect’s primary disciples were inside the hall. Majority of them were talking to the people who wore the same black uniforms and stood behind the counters. These black-attired people frequently moved back and forth to fetch herbs and bottles from the shelves; they seemed to be quite busy.

The uniform of the primary disciples and the black-attired people was exactly the same. However, there was one difference. The uniform of the black-attired people had a red-flame mark on its cuffs just like the primary disciple’s uniform, but the silver-colored “primary” pattern wasn’t printed in the center of that flame.

In addition, the black-attired people were older.

Shi Mu thought for a while and realized that these black-attired people were probably the “janitor-disciples” as mentioned by Wild Zhou.

These people were martial artists even though they were called “janitors”. Even the weakest of these people were at the sixth or seventh level of the body tempering; the strongest disciples were at the eleventh level.[1]

These people had willingly joined the Black Demon Sect as janitors because each year thirty of them would get the chance to get promoted to the primary level.

Not everyone could comprehend Qi-sensing at the age of fifteen. But, this Sect’ strength and heritage was far beyond the Kai Yuan Martial Arts school’s grade of country institutes.

These people could become Primary disciples as long as they could upgrade. Then, their status would be uplifted.

“Brother, are you looking for something? Can I help you?” an eighteen-year-old janitor disciple walked over and asked Shi Mu with a courteous smile as he noticed him wandering around.

“Thank you. But, I would like to look around first,” Shi Mu shook his head as he said.

The young janitor smiled as he bowed respectfully. Then, he walked away.

Shi Mu looked around. Then, he walked towards the middle counter and started to observe the shelves carefully.

‘Extreme Tiger Pill’, ‘Purple Cloud Herb’, ‘Five Snakes Liquid’, ‘Primary Spirit Pill’…

Shi Mu was flabbergasted as he saw the myriads of pills and medicines.

The first floor was supposed to be for the low-ranked disciples. However, the cost of the cheapest pill on this floor was 20 silvers. The cost of majority of the pills and medicines started from hundred to several hundred silvers.

It would be difficult for people without any social status to afford these medicines and pills.

“Oh! The Blood Strengthening Pill!” Shi Mu’s face brightened up as he came across a familiar name.

He looked down and read the figure written below the shelf. “85” was written with black color on a red base.

Shi Mu was taken aback. He hadn’t expected that the price of the Blood Strengthening Pills could be so high. After all, they were distributed to the new disciples for free. Each primary disciple received three pills every month for free. This would amount to about three hundred silvers. There were more than two thousand primary disciples in the Sect according to Wild Zhou’s account.

The higher level disciples received more resources than the primary disciples even though they were lesser in number. Therefore, the cost of the Blood Strengthening pills paid by the Sect every month would be at least one million silvers.

Shi Mu sucked in a deep breath as he pondered over this. His trust for the Black Demon Sect’s wealth and might had been strengthened.

“If Brother wants any pill… we have almost everything here.” A black-attired janitor with delicate facial features appeared behind the counter.

“Bone Tempering Pill!”

Shi Mu didn’t refuse the janitor’s help this time. In fact, he had gradually lost the interest to look for his pill among these various kinds of unknown pills.

“One thousand silvers for one pill,” the janitor replied with a faint smile.

“It’s so expensive!” Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard the price.

“Brother, I think you don’t know… but an extremely precious medicinal herb is needed for making this Bone Tempering Pill. So, it obviously couldn’t be cheaper,” the janitor smiled mildly as he replied.

“Then… give me three pills.” Shi Mu pulled out three thousand silver notes from his bosom after some hesitation.

He had planned to purchase a few more pills, but he didn’t wish to expose his financial prowess since he had just arrived. Moreover, he could come here to buy more pills anytime if needed.

Notes:

Body tempering stage is an alternate name for “Martial Disciple” stage. The backstory of this would be found in Aunt Zhen’s description of the common martial terminologies right in the beginning of the novel.



Chapter 61: Magicians

“Brother, just a moment!” the handsome janitor replied with a smile. There was another janitor behind him. He turned around and walked over to one of the shelves. Then, he took out three blue porcelain bottles from above. He then returned and handed over those bottles to the handsome janitor.

The handsome janitor then gave the three porcelain bottles to Shi Mu. Shi Mu’s right hand moved and hit the bottle’s cap as soon as he received them. He wrinkled his brows as a strange aroma entered his nostrils.

Shi Mu took a quick glance and saw a soybean-sized pill inside. The pill was bright-red in color. It was undoubtedly the same Bone Tempering Pill which was mentioned in the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants.

A joyous look flashed through Shi Mu’s eyes as he saw this. He paid the money excitedly and slipped the bottles in his bosom. Suddenly, a vigorous male voice was heard from behind him.

“Brother Bai… it seems that your friend has chosen the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants…”

Shi Mu’s complexion changed. He turned around and found two people standing behind him. One of them was a youngster with a sturdy physique and a straightforward appearance. The other person was Bai Shi – the youngster with long hair.

“Brother Shi, this is our senior fellow-disciple Huo Mao. I met him recently. He’s my fellow villager,” Bai Si introduced the youngster with a smile as he saw Shi Mi sizing him up.

Shi Mu felt dumbfounded as he heard these words. Xiao Ming and Fang Tian Xu were also from the same place as Bai Shi. Shi Mu started to get curious about Bai Shi’s hometown.

“Brother Huo, my name is Shi Mu. I didn’t understand how the Senior Brother came to know about my chosen cultivation art.” Shi Mu greeted the youth. He then asked with a puzzled expression.

“Brother Shi doesn’t need to be surprised; it’s just a coincidence. I had chosen the same art when I had entered this Sect. But I gave it up when I realized how expensive a Bone Tempering Pill was,” the straightforward youngster grinned as he said.

Suddenly, a thought popped up in Shi Mu’s mind as he looked at the sturdy body of the youngster.

“Brother Shi, the Bone Tempering Pill deserves this high-price since the bone marrow of an unusual animal is needed to make it. But, it’s too expensive for an ordinary disciple to afford. Besides, the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants isn’t as simple and easy as it seems. In fact, it’s rather difficult to endure. Therefore, only a few low-ranked disciples have chosen this art,” the youngster said as he saw the puzzled expression on Shi Mu’s face.

Shi Mu’s face revealed a bitter smile. The physical state of this person was rather special; it was inconceivable to an ordinary person.

“Brother Shi, I’ve invited Brother Huo for a drink. It would be great if you could tag along with us,” Bai Shi said with a smile as he saw them strike a conversation.

A trace of hesitation appeared on Shi Mu’s face. He knew that the newcomers had only one year to escape fights or challenges. Besides, he had obtained the Bone Tempering Pills now. Therefore, he wanted to start his practice as soon as possible. He was about to turn-down the offer when Bai Shi spoke a few words. And these words dispelled his thought-train, “Brother Shi, we’ve just entered this Sect. Therefore, if there’s anything you want to know about… you can ask Brother Huo.”

“Well… I don’t have any other plans. So, I’ll be glad to share Brother Huo’s guidance,” Shi Mu nodded as he said with a faint smile.

“Hehe… When it comes to drinking… the more the merrier!” The youngster’s eyes glittered with excitement. Then, he took the lead and walked outside without even waiting for Shi Mu to finish his reply.

Shi Mu gawked at him. But, Bai Shi blinked at him in a meaningful manner. After that, both of them started to follow Huo Mao. Shi Mu burst out laughing inside his heart as he realized that this Senior Brother seemed to be a wine-crazy person.

They left the Aromatic Pills Pavilion and started to walk merrily towards their destination. They turned two crossroads and arrived at a two-storied restaurant called the Fragrant River Tavern. They reported their names and were quickly directed to a private room on the second floor by a waiter.

Shi Mu saw Xiao Ming – the youngster with curly hair and a wide mouth – sitting by a table as soon as he stepped into the private room. He had already ordered delicious cuisines. The seal of the wine jar was open as well. Its rich fragrance was spreading in all directions. This made Huo Mao’s eyes light-up with excitement.

Huo Mao occupied the main seat in an impolite manner without any greetings. Then, he poured himself a bowl of wine and finished it in one breath.

“Nice wine!” The chill liquid gushed down his throat and caused a burst of warm energy inside his body. This stimulated him and made him exclaim.

Bai Shi poured Huo Mao another bowl of wine and joined him in drinking. Shi Mu and Xiao Ming joined them as well.

The delicious dishes had been consumed by the end of three rounds of drinks. Bai Shi and Xiao Ming seized this opportunity and asked a few questions. Huo Mao readily answered every question, and helped the three of them to gain a lot of knowledge.

“Brother Huo, do you know anything about magicians?” Shi Mu saw that Bai Shi and Xiao Ming’s questions were being properly answered. Therefore, he asked a direct question about Young Master Ju and his strange parrot from the General Library.

He had got an opportunity to gain some knowledge about magicians with great difficulty. Therefore, he didn’t want to let this opportunity slip by easily.

“Magicians? You mean Young Master Ju of the General Library?” Huo Mao looked at Shi Mu and said with a faint smile.

Magicians were quite rare; even in the Black Demon Sect. And the only magician that the new disciples had any contact with was Young Master Ju. So, their curiosity was quite normal.

Shi Mu nodded. He yearned to learn about those mystical paper-charms, strange patterns and intriguing text whenever he gave them a thought.

There was a trace of curiosity on the faces of Bai Shi and Xiao Ming as well. They looked towards Huo Mao as they waited for him to answer.

“Well… as you know… we have thousands of disciples in our Sect. But, do you know how many of them are magicians? Honestly speaking… there are just a few hundred. In addition, most of them are mere Scholars. If we talk about the Spirit Grade magicians like Young Master Ju… then there are less than eight of such magicians in our Sect. And the Star Grade magicians of higher level are even fewer in number. Actually… magicians who reach the Spirit Grade can be considered as official magicians. So… this Sect has only ten real magicians even though it’s one of the seven powerful sects in the three Kingdoms.” Huo Mao deliberately stopped speaking and looked at the three people who were gaping with their mouth wide open.

He felt contented with their surprised expressions. He then continued, “Magicians are extremely important for any Sect as nothing can be done without their instruments… such as the door of immortality, charms and even their magic formulas. It can be said that magicians determines the real strength of a Sect to some extent. Unfortunately, if someone wants to be a magician… then he must have an inborn magical talent. If someone has magical talent… then his spiritual power can induce the strength of various elements needed. People who are born with magical talent are rarer than practitioners who are able to comprehend Qi-sensing.”

Huo Mao’s face revealed an envious look as he spoke these words.

“I’ve heard that Young Master Ju is a Spirit Magician. What does that mean?” Shi Mu had an envious look on his face as well. Suddenly, he remembered something and asked this question.

“Hehe… I didn’t expect Brother Shi Mu to know this much… You’ve chosen the right person to ask these questions. Other people wouldn’t have been able to quench your curiosity. Magicians are commonly divided into five elemental categories on the basis of their talent and cultivation practice – wood, fire, earth, metal and water. Those who have specialization in incantation skills are known as the Incantation Masters. People who specialize in charm-making skills are known as the Charm Masters. And, the people who specialize in compounded drugs are known as the Alchemy Masters. There are a small number of magicians who use wind, thunder, ice, darkness or light as well. Some magicians can manipulate puppets and are therefore known as Puppet Masters. The Spirit Grade magicians can communicate with creatures from other strange worlds through their spirit power; they are even rarer than Puppet Masters,” Huo Mao revealed a complacent smile as he looked at Shi Mu. Then, he shook his head and continued to explain.

He then gulped down another bowl of wine. Bai Shi picked up the jar and hastily refilled his bowl again.

Shi Mu had a pensive look on his face. It seemed as if he was pondering over Huo Mao’s words. The term ‘magicians’ had gotten engraved in his heart.

He would later find an opportunity to understand the subject of ‘magicians’ in a thorough manner.

“Brother Shi, it is a well-known fact in the Sect that the fight between you and Qu Kun concluded in a draw. This was a cause for great humiliation for Qu Kun. Don’t blame me for not reminding you… but this person – Qu Kun – is quite ungenerous and not so easy to get along with. You must be careful.” Huo Mao changed the topic of conversation as he gazed at Shi Mu with a meaningful look.

“Brother Huo, thanks a lot for this reminder,” Shi Mu’s heart felt a slight chill. He cupped his hands across his chest in obeisance as he expressed his gratitude.

They continued to discuss some interesting anecdotes. They had finally had enough after finishing three jars of wine. Therefore, they bid their farewells and dispersed.



Chapter 62: The Moon-Swallowing Art

Shi Mu returned to the Aromatic Pills Pavilion after he departed from the Fragrant River Tavern. He bought a few more pills after he had gone through several shelves. The sun had vanished in the western sky by time he returned to his room.

The information that he had gained about the magicians from Huo Mao had unfolded an entirely new world in front of his eyes; this was far beyond his imagination.

It seemed that Yu Qian Ji – the senior disciple of the Black Turtle Sect who he had met on his way to the Black Demon Sect – was also a magician. Yu Qian Ji had attained the Senior Star Level as per the opinion of the people. His astounding strength had greatly impressed Shi Mu.

There were more than two thousand common disciples in the Black Demon Sect. But, only a hundred of them were Scholar level magicians. And, there was hardly any chance of Shi Mu bumping into any one of these ‘few’ magicians.

Shi Mu wanted to use his strength to obtain practice-resources from the Sect’s. So, he had no other choice but to be prepared in advance.

However, he would deal with these matters later. The most importance thing for him was to start his practice of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants.

Shi Mu pulled-out a packet from his bosom. Then, he opened it and took-out dozens of white and blue bottles.

He had purchased some Blood Strengthening Pills besides the Bone Tempering Pills.

He sat down cross-legged on his bed. He meditated for a while. Then, he picked up a white bottle and flung a Blood Strengthening Pill in his mouth.

He then started to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. Shi Mu felt a tremendous growth in the absorption of spiritual energy in his body as the pill melted and spread inside his system.

Shi Mu felt contented in his heart. But, he didn’t dare to slack-off. He continued to transform the wisps of spiritual energy into the Real Qi. This Real Qi flowed through his meridians and then gathered in his dantian.

Shi Mu opened his eyes after a while. Then, he took a blue bottle and poured a Bone Tempering Pill in his mouth.

The pill turned into a blazing flow of energy as soon as it entered his stomach. This energy started to spread in his limbs and bones.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as his skin turned dark-red and his muscles started to stick out of his skin.

A sound of ‘cracking’ of bones started to come from the insides of his body.

Shi Mu knitted his brows since he felt his entire body burning. He felt an extreme pain; it seemed as if his bones were on fire. This pill was rightly called the Bone Tempering Pill.

Shi Mu sucked in a deep breath and continued to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. This made his Real Qi flow slower, and it became extremely difficult to achieve the desired result under the effect of the Bone Tempering Pill.

Shi Mu’s skin was restored to its original color after an hour. The bone-cracking sound also receded then.

He was sweating profusely; so much so that his clothes were completely soaked. His body had exuded a layer of black impurities; these impurities emitted a nauseating odor.

Shi Mu took off his clothes to wash his body. He felt refreshed after he had taken a shower.

A trace of excitement appeared on his face as he moved his body.

Shi Mu’s Real Qi had condensed and purified after the tempering session. However, he was more excited about the enormous boost in his physical strength.

According to the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants — the practitioner’s strength increased as he progressed to the next level. It didn’t seem to be wild-talk.

Shi Mu continued to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants in the following days. He also practiced his Gale-Force Blade Art in his leisure time.

He knew that the Gale-Force Blade Art was more powerful than the Stone-breaking Fist Art in a real combat.

Therefore, he kept improving his Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade along with the progress of Real Qi within his body. He soon attained the level of Ten Cuts in one Breath.

However, something troubled him endlessly.

Shi Mu knitted his eyebrows as he sat at his bedside in the bright moonlight.

Shi Mu had been having the same dream of late… the white ape would listen to the old man every time he’d go to sleep under the moonlight trickling down his window. However, he couldn’t recall the old man’s words when he woke up.

Shi Mu started to pace back and forth his room.

Suddenly, he stopped. He seemed to have taken a decision. He shoved open the door and walked out.

The moonlight was encompassing the entire valley. The people of the valley seemed to be asleep since there was complete silence. Only the sounds of the insects and frogs could be heard.

Shi Mu looked around. Then, he started to walk towards a spot with light footsteps.

He arrived at an open and spacious place in the woods after a while.

It was a secluded place outside the immediate-vicinity of the thirteenth mountain peak. This place was hardly visited since it was far away from the main areas of the valley.

Shi Mu examined the surroundings carefully. He felt relieved since he didn’t find anyone else around.

Then, he started to examine the surrounding trees. Suddenly, his gaze fell on a tall and sturdy tree. He advanced towards it and seated himself on top of it. He then raised his head and stared at the bright moon.

He had been busy with his practice since the time he had entered the Black Demon Sect. Therefore, he wasn’t familiar with every location of this valley. He had been afraid that people might notice his strange behavior. Consequently, he was unable perform his ‘dream’ task since many days.

Shi Mu continued to stare at the moon for half-an-hour. However, he couldn’t enter his dreamland since his spirit dispelled his efforts.

“What’s the matter?” Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he murmured.

Normally, he’d need to maintain this posture in the moonlight to fall asleep and enter the dreamland. However, he couldn’t sleep today.

“Could it be that my ability to enter the dreamland as per my own wish has somehow vanished?” Shi Mu felt low-spirited as this thought crossed his mind.

This was a strange situation. Shi Mu didn’t even know the reason behind his strange dreams and his ability to enter the dreamland. Therefore, it wouldn’t be peculiar if he lost this ability. However, there was a huge disadvantage if he lost this ability since he wouldn’t be able to increase the range of his eyesight; its progress had already slowed down.

Shi Mu wasn’t ready to accept this fact. So, he remained seated on the tree-top for another half- an-hour. But, he eventually had to get down as he didn’t succeed.

Shi Mu sighed. He was about to leave when he noticed a smooth area in the woods. This area was filled with the silver luster of the moonlight. Moreover, the area looked similar to the place where the white ape would listen to the old man’s speech in his dream.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed; he felt a lightning strike his heart.

The ape hadn’t been climbing a tree in his dreams… he would sit cross-legged on the ground. So, could it be that…

Shi Mu’s heart quivered with excitement. He sat down in exactly the same posture as that of the white ape. Then, he started to look in the front… as if the old man was seated there.

He had hardly sat for a few moments when a loud ‘bang’ resounded in his head. Then, his body went stiff.

Shi Mu had entered the dreamland in the form of the white ape once again. But this time, he found himself seated on the grass of a mountain-peak. The old man with the long and white eyebrows sat in front of him. Suddenly, he raised his wooden ruler and patted the white ape on its head.

One, two, three…

A thunderous ‘bang’ resounded in Shi Mu’s mind. Several silver-lights flickered before his eyes. Then, these lights condensed into small silver-words – it was the name of an Art.

The first-three words dazzled brightly in Shi Mu’s mind – Moon Swallowing Art!



Chapter 63: Dreamland Re-appears

Shi Mu felt extremely delighted as he transformed into the white ape. He couldn’t help but dance with excitement. He took a strange posture – he raised his hands and grimaced.

Then, a ‘bang’ sound resounded in his mind. Suddenly, the scenery in front of him changed. Shi Mu regained his consciousness; he found himself sitting in an open area in the woods.

Shi Mu realized that the dawn was approaching; the eastern sky was suffused with white light.

He stood up and looked at the sky. He was startled; so much so that he didn’t even pay attention to his clothes which had become wet because of the morning dew.

Shi Mu had seemingly entered his dreamland for a short while. However, an entire night had passed in reality.

Shi Mu shook his head. Then, he closed his eyes and started to recall the details of the ‘Moon Swallowing Art’ that he had seen in his dream.

The result left him dumbfounded. His mind was blank even though he tried hard to recall the dream. He remembered the name of the ‘Moon Swallowing Art’. But, he couldn’t remember the practice-method of this art.

However, Shi Mu knew in his heart that he had comprehended this art.

Shi Mu was extremely amazed as he had these strange and contradictory feelings; so much so that he couldn’t separate dream from reality.

He shook his head as he tried to calm himself down.

The sky had become bright. Shi Mu continued to ponder on it for a moment. Then, he stood up and started to walk towards his room.

He didn’t want anyone to know that he had spent the entire night outside his room.

Two days had passed. It was again a full-moon night; the sky was cloudless. The moon looked like a jade plate hanging in the sky. The tranquil moonlight illuminated the entire valley with its chilly-silver light.

Shi Mu sat cross-legged on his bed in his remote stone house; he was meditating.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes. There was a trace of excitement in them.

A bright full-moon night had finally arrived.

Shi Mu quietly pushed open the door and stepped outside. He carefully observed his surroundings for any movement, and listened cautiously for the sound of any activity.

The whole valley was calm; not a single shadow could be seen.

Shi Mu was finally satisfied. He rapidly advanced forward under the buildings’ shadows. Then, he found his way out of the residential area and arrived at the open area in the woods.

He scanned the area as he moved forward. He sat cross-legged in the grass when he was satisfied that no one was around. He felt the caressing touch of the moonlight as he adjusted his breathing to slip into the dream-like state.

Shi Mu’s body stiffened after a while. Then, his body relaxed and he became motionless; like an old monk sitting in meditation.

He then entered his dream again.

… …

Shi Mu’s consciousness was awakened by a gust of cold wind. He opened his eyes and found himself incarnated into the white ape. He stood on a strangely-shaped silver boulder; his hands were raised and he was grimacing.

The ‘Moon Swallowing Art’ – these words flashed in his mind.

Shi Mu tried to raise his head but he couldn’t move; just like his previous dream.

However, he didn’t care about this; he raised the ape’s head instead. He saw that the night sky was shrouded with dense white-light dots. This vision was slightly different from the previous one. Previously, these white luminous dots weren’t even the size of a half sesame seed. However, the size of these dots was as big as a grain of rice now. They had grown from light-dots to light-balls.

These light-balls seemed to have received a mysterious force of traction. They appeared in the sky and started to plummet down one after another into the white ape’s golden pupils. New balls of light emerged in the sky as these light balls descended downwards.

This process continued for a long time. These white lights seemed like a river that was streaming into the eyes of the white ape as it stood in a strange posture with raised hands.

The white light balls didn’t disperse once they submerged into the ape’s body. They seemed to be under the fetter of some inexplicable strength as they gathered in its mind and changed into a bunch of white fog.

These streaks of fog had previously floated inside its mind in a disorderedly manner; some groups were dense and some were thin.

But, they accumulated in the center of its mind under the effect of a strange force this time around. Then, they started to get smaller and denser. They started to form a group of milky-white clouds. They continued to revolve, and gradually contracted into a liquid-like state.

It seemed as if this cloud was acting like a vortex. It continued to pull-in the newly-incoming fog. However, the clouds maintained their initial size… but became denser.

Shi Mu felt that his brain had started to swell; as if an icy-cold thing had sneaked into his head. But then, an inexplicable sense of cool and comfort gushed from the depths of his mind. It seemed as if he had been immersed in a strange yet miraculous medicine. However, he hardly felt any mysterious change in his mind.

He didn’t know for how long this process would continue. So, he felt bored. He started to look around as he waited. Suddenly, he discovered that the boulder he was seated-on was situated on a high mountain peak’s cliff. A boundless sea of clouds surged all-around; the wind blew past these clouds gently. There were several dragon-pines; it seemed as if they were sticking out in the sea of clouds.

Various kinds of exotic plants were spread across the mountain peak. Shi Mu had never seen these plants before. A heavenly spring appeared in the distance. It emanated a sound; it sounded as if tigers and dragons were roaring in unison. The mountain was quite steep. It could be seen rising straight from the earth… as if a green sword was piercing the sky; the cliff where the white ape stood was like the sharp tip of that sword.

The green sword-like mountain was surrounded by various kinds of majestic and beautiful mountain ranges. But, none of them were even half-as-tall as this mountain peak. It seemed that one could grasp the bright moon and stars if one looked-up towards the night sky and stretched their hands.

Shi Mu was sure that this place had never appeared in his dreams before. However, the white ape had chosen this mountain to practice the ‘Moon Swallowing Art’. …Probably because this cliff was at the shortest distance from the moon.

Shi Mu observed the surrounding area.

He didn’t know how long it would take for the milky-white liquid to take the form of the small white grain in the white ape’s mind.

A layer of thin white threads continued to wrap around the bottom of the white crystal as the milky-white liquid-vortex continued to rotate. The white threads made it grow larger.

The crystal grain gradually turned into the size of a rice grain.

Suddenly, a ‘bang’ sound thundered inside Shi Mu’s mind. A burst of dizziness took over him. Then, everything before his eyes turned dark.

“Ah!” Shi Mu hurled a pitiful scream. Suddenly, he fell back onto the ground. This intense vibration had jolted him out of his dream.

Shi Mu woke up to find himself sweating profusely. His black clothes were drenched in a mix of his own sweat and the atmospheric dew.

His complexion looked pale. His face was lax; his facial muscles twitched slightly. The thunderous sound in his dream had forcefully exploded in the depths of his soul; so much so that it made his soul shudder.

Fortunately, this was a remote place. Moreover, it was close to early morning; this was considered to be the sleepiest time for the average human. Therefore, no one would discover this unusual scenario.



Chapter 64: Competition

Shi Mu’s gaze gradually narrowed.

He realized that his body didn’t show the slightest trace of exhaustion. His mind was relaxed; a cool and comfortable feeling lingered in his head.

He was convinced that some mysterious changes had taken place inside his mind; though, he couldn’t see them.

Suddenly, he thought about the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants that he had comprehended through meditation in the daytime. Something about this left him dumbstruck. There were some parts of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants that he hadn’t been able to understand while he had practiced it in the daytime. However, everything about the art had become crystal clear to him now; just with a little thought.

This stunning discovery froze him to the spot. However, an ecstatic expression crossed his face.

He hadn’t expected that the strange ‘Moon Swallowing Art’ would exhibit such a wonderful effect in the comprehension of any cultivation art through meditation. He would be benefited if this process continued like this. Moreover, it was easier for him to achieve the first layer of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants by drawing support from the Bone Tempering and Blood Strengthening Pills.

Shi Mu couldn’t repress his urge and stood up. Then, he quickly glanced around. He sneaked into his little stone house once he was sure that no one was around.

He then sat cross-legged on his stone bed and started to recall the details of the first stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. He gulped down a Blood Strengthen Pill once he was sure that he had comprehended it. Then, he assumed a meditative posture. He slowly adjusted his breath as he started to induce the spiritual energy from his surroundings.

His breath gradually fainted; it seemed as if it had almost disappeared. Shi Mu felt that his body and mind were in their best condition. Therefore, he swallowed a Bone tempering Pill and started to practice the first stage of the art.

The spiritual energy started to stream and gather within his body like the twinkling stars gather in the sky. Then, the spiritual energy got integrated into his meridians under the guidance of an invisible force. Subsequently, it began to circulate within his body according to a certain pre-determined order.

The flow of the Real Qi within his meridians grew stronger with the passage of time. Initially, it was as thin as a hair. But now, it had become as thick as a needle. However, it got separated at a particular intersection of several meridians with a loud explosion. Then, a wisp of Real Qi – as thin as a strand of hair – entered a new meridian.

Shi Mu was delighted. He had made a few adjustments in the practice-method of this art since he had a sudden enlightenment on the evening of the previous day.

The adjustment that he had made wasn’t special, but it had transformed his slower speed of practice into a newer and faster one.

He succeeded in establishing a contact with his meridians after an entire day of practice. He would later on work on the absorption speed of the spiritual energy and increase it.

Shi Mu continued to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants crazily in the following days; it seemed like he had received some stimulation. However, he spared some time to polish his Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Art and Stone-Breaking Fist.

He continued to sneak-out of his house on the moonlit nights. Then, he would proceed towards the open area in the woods to enter his dreamland. He continued to absorb the moonlight, and continued to compress the accumulated moonlight-essence in his mind with the help of ‘Moon Swallowing Art’.

The size of the crystal grain in Shi Mu’s mind had grown from the size of a rice grain to that of a bean in the last two months.

Shi Mu hadn’t yet figured-out the exact role of this crystal grain. However, he had been greatly benefited by it; it had enhanced the sensitivity of his thought power.

It took Shi Mu two months to attain the first stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants with the help of the Blood Strengthening and the Bone-Tempering Pills.

The Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants could increase the strength of one’s body. Shi Mu’s strength had been increased by almost one-third. He could elevate twice of his original strength with the support of his Real Qi. Moreover, the skin of his entire body had become quite tenacious. It could be said that an ordinary sword or spear wouldn’t be able to easily cut through his flesh if he continued with his practice.

Besides, he could wield three Stone-Breaking Fists or two cuts of the Thirteen Series of Gale Force Art at one fell swoop with the help of the Real Qi within his body.

Furthermore, he could reach the consummate stage of the Thirteen Series of Gale Force Art with the help of the Real Qi accumulated within his body. He could easily achieve eleven cuts at one breath now. Also, the might of his Stone-breaking Fist had been elevated. He was startled when he had tested his fist since he had been able to smash a huge megalith into small pieces.

Shi Mu believed that he could easily confront an intermediate Hou Tian warrior like the Fifth Master of the Jin family with his present strength.

But, he was left with only a few Bone Tempering and Blood Strengthening Pills now. So, he needed to purchase a few more.

Shi Mu took out a packet and turned it over. Several silver notes fell out of the packet.

Shi Mu was left with less than thirty thousand silvers by now. This money could last for just a fortnight when considered his current consumption for his practice.

The resources that needed to be consumed for the practice of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants were beyond the reach of an ordinary person. Shi Mu couldn’t have reached its first stage if he didn’t have his savings and the support of the Moon Swallowing Art.

Shi Mu smiled wryly. He didn’t have any other option but to proceed step-by-step. He needed to try and find some way to earn money in the Black Demon Sect.

He put away the silver notes. Then, he pushed-open the door and walked out.

There was a row of houses for new disciples in the vicinity of the thirteenth mountain peak. It was crowded to the bustling point at the moment.

The new disciples who had been injured by Qu Kun and his group had fully recovered. Most of them had become familiar with the Sect over the last two months.

The young disciples were inquisitive about the Black Demon Sect. So, they would loiter outside their houses after their practices ended; except for Shi Mu… who was always busy with his closed-door practice. The other disciples would linger in the valley and squares to understand the ambience of the Sect.

However, Shi Mu seldom left his house. He wasn’t even familiar with most of the new disciples… except for a few people.

Shi Mu turned along a street towards the Bluestone Plaza. Suddenly, he heard voice of shouting and cheering coming from the direction of another crossroad.

The loud noises seemed to be sourced from a huge crowd.

Shi Mu knitted his brows as he realized that there was a specially-designed open-arena in the direction of the thirteenth mountain that he once visited with Bai Shi.

It seemed that some people were competing in the arena.

This arena was specially established for new disciples like Shi Mu. So, it was obvious that the ongoing fight was between new disciples.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he advanced towards the arena.

The ring was a 25-28 meters platform made up of green stone. It was few feet above the ground and was surrounded by a black metal guarding-fence.

Shi Mu noticed that the platform was encircled by twenty or thirty people. The majority of them were primary level disciples. The crowd was divided into two groups. These groups were staring at each other with hostility.

Two disciples were fighting with each other in the ring; the tactical situation was very intense.

One of them was a young slim boy… who turned out to be Bai Shi; Shi Mu was familiar with him.

The other person was a petite young girl. She had short braids, and several silver bells were hanging from her clothes.

“It’s her…” Shi Mu was surprised.

This was the same girl who had revealed a strange blood-method to dodge Qu Kun’s punch on the day of their entry into the Sect. That incident had left a profound impression on Shi Mu.

Shi Mu and Bai Shi had later made some contacts with girl. Shi Mu remembered that her name was Lan Feng.

Both Bai Shi and Lan Feng were eminent new disciples. But, why were they fighting with each other?



Chapter 65: Measure for Measure

Bai Shi and Lan Feng were fighting each other on the green platform. Obviously, they were on completely different terms as they were two months ago.

Bai Shi stood in the center of the ring. The muscles of his arms swelled-up as he bombarded several punches. Each punch created a gust of air as hot as a blazing stove. The temperature of the arena was elevated because of this.

Lan Feng’s petite body seemed extremely delicate under the pressure of his punches. However, Lan Feng moved her body in a swift manner. Her waist moved like a snake as she dodged Bai Shi’s attacks; it seemed as if a willow leaf was being blown by the wind. Her eyes were fixed on Bai Shi’s movements. It seemed that she wanted to exhaust his physical strength. In fact, she was waiting for a chance to make a counter-attack.

Bai Shi and Lan Feng were equally-matched. It wasn’t possible to determine the outcome of this battle in such a short period of time.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he noticed their exquisite fighting methods. They had seemingly learnt a few cultivation arts after entering the Black Demon Sect. And, they had surely become Hou Tian level warriors.

The boxing technique that Bai Shi had displayed seemed to be the ‘Blazing-Fire Fist’; it was one of the martial arts techniques. Also, Shi Mu felt that Lan Feng’s swift movements were similar to the ‘Shadow Arts’ that he had seen in the General Library.

It could be deduced from their movements that both of them had reached the first stage of their respective Hou Tian arts. Therefore, they could easily lift a heavy weight in the competition. Also, they would have had enough condensed Real Qi in their bodies if they were at the Hou Tian level. In fact, their condensed Real Qi must be far more than Shi Mu’s.

Shi Mu let out a sigh. His wasted bloodline of the Stone Monkey had blocked his progress to acquire the Real Qi. Otherwise, he would have easily reached the second stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants with these many pills and two months of practice.

“Brother Shi, you hardly step out of your room. I haven’t seen you for so many days.” Shi Mu heard a frank and hearty laughter. A youth with curly hair and wide mouth pushed his way out of the crowd and walked towards Shi Mu; it was Xiao Ming.

Xiao Ming’s loud words attracted the attention of the surrounding people. Many turned their gazes to look at Shi Mu. A few people who had recognized him started to whisper among themselves.

“Brother Xiao…” Shi Mu smiled as he nodded to Xiao Ming.

They exchanged greetings and stood next to each other. Then, they continued to look towards the arena.

“Brother Bai is a genius. His Real Qi has reached such a degree in a very short span of two months. Perhaps… he has reached the primary stage of Hou Tian level,” Shi Mu smiled as he said.

“Brother Shi, you have keen eyes; it was a pretty good observation. Brother Bai indeed made a breakthrough to the third stage of his Yang Gong Art two days back,” Xiao Ming nodded and said with a smile.

Shi Mu was startled even though he didn’t know the Yang Gong Art mentioned by Xiao Ming. He guessed that it must be at the same level as his Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants.

Anyone would be startled to hear that someone’s reached the third stage of the art within a period of two months. This proved that Bai Shi’s talent was far superior to Shi Mu’s.

“But, what’s the matter with Brother Bai and Lan Feng? Why are they fighting with each other?” Shi Mu asked casually as he suppressed his astonishment.

Xiao Ming’s expression changed. A trace of embarrassment could be seen on his face.

“Brother Shi would laugh at me. Actually… Brother Bai is doing this for my sake. You know that one of my Flaming Demon Tokens was captured by Brother Qu Kun on the entrance day, so…” Xiao Ming smiled bitterly as he said.

Shi Mu knitted his brows as he was aware of this matter.

“You’ve been practicing in your room. So, you don’t know that these new disciples are very haughty and ambitious. They’ve learned some exquisite Hou Tian arts. So, they can’t suppress their urge to try out each other’s strength. The winner gets a token from the loser. Miss Feng had won a token yesterday. So, Brother Bai challenged her to a match. He wants to win a token for me…” Xiao Ming continued.

Shi Mu nodded as he understood the reason behind the match.

Bai Shi was a very loyal person, but it wasn’t easy to defeat Lan Feng.

Bai Shi and Lan Feng were evenly matched. Apparently Bai Shi had an upper hand. However, Lan Feng hadn’t yet displayed the full strength of her blood. Therefore, the outcome of this match was unforeseeable.

Six people were watching the match from afar.

It was clear from their clothing that they were the older disciples. Among these disciples was Qu Kun of the Blood Dragon Gang – the one who had blocked Shi Mu and other new disciples on the entrance day. He stood there with his two fellow disciples.

One of the other three people was a youth with golden hair and blue eyes; he seemed to be from a different lineage. Two of his followers stood behind him; one of them was Huo Mao.

These three people seemed to be hostile towards Qu Kun and his group.

“Brother Jin, who do you think is going to win this match?” Qu Kun sneered as he asked; he was looking at the youth with golden hair.

“I have heard that brother Qu had tested these new disciples on their very first day in our Sect. This girl with bells on her clothes had evaded your punch with a strange force that day. So, it seems that brother Qu thinks that this young girl would win…” the golden-haired youth didn’t reply directly. Instead, he asked an indirect question with a smile.

“Blood warriors are superior to ordinary warriors. Bai Shi is an ordinary martial arts warrior even though he is quite strong… Brother Jin should have a better understanding in this regard. Bai Shi might have progressed extremely fast to the Hou Tian level… but that doesn’t mean that he would be superior to the other warriors when he enters the Xian Tian level…” Qu Kun raised his eyebrows and chucked as he said.

The golden-haired youth snorted coldly. His complexion turned unsightly.

“Brother Qu, we don’t speak in code words. Bai Shi would be the new recruit for our association. We, the Holy Spirit Association, won’t get involved with Lan Feng…. We won’t try to pull her to our side. Do you have anything to say in this regard?” the golden-haired youth said in an indifferent manner.

“Perfect… that’s settled then!” Qu Kun nodded.

Bai Shi and Lan Feng had been on an equal footing for a long time. They had exhausted their Real Qi by now. So, they were getting impatient.

Suddenly, Bai Shi let out a low sound as he heavily stamped his foot on the ground. Then, he leant his body forward and pounded a fist at his opponent.

Hot air gushed out of his fist and formed a ten feet long air wave. Then, his arm swept forward with a faint sound.

The hot air wave surged-up violently and dashed towards Lan Feng. It nearly swept away half of the ring. Lan Feng swiftly moved aside. However, she couldn’t dodge the overbearing impact of the attack and was pushed to one corner of the ring.

Bai Shi’s complexion had looked pale. However, his eyes lit-up as he saw this development. He heavily stomped his foot on the ground and shot his body forward. His palms curled-up and took the shape of a pair of claws as his fingertips emitted a cold and faint light.

“Carved Dragon Claw!”

Bai Shi’s palms formed a crafty arc as he grasped Lan Feng’s delicate throat with a low sound.

Lan Feng’s charming face turned deathly white; her beautiful pupils darkened. A fine purple light flashed in her eyes. Her hands instantaneously grabbed Bai Shi.

“Jingle.”

The bells on Lan Feng’s clothes rang as her figure got interlocked with Bai Shi’s.

Suddenly, her figure flashed and she appeared behind Bai Shi. Her charming face looked rather pale.

Her clothes were torn; a long slit had formed at her left shoulder. Five red scratches could be seen on her bare white arm. Blood was gushing-out of these scratches and dyeing her arm red.

Her eyes revealed an indignant look. She touched the ground with her tiptoes. Then, she turned around and dashed towards Bai Shi. She shook her right hand. Suddenly, a snow-white dagger appeared in her hand with a flash of a bright white light.

Then, she shouted in a delicate tone. Her dagger exuded a cold light as it was flung towards Bai Shi’s shoulder.

She didn’t aim to kill Bai Shi even though she was furious. This was because she was aware that it was just a competition.

However, Bai Shi’s expression looked strange. He looked ahead with tired eyes as his body remained in situ; it seemed as if he didn’t care about the incoming dagger.



Chapter 66: Holy Spirit Association and Blood Dragon Gang

“Dangerous!”

“Brother Bai, dodge it!”

The acquaintances of Bai Shi who had gathered around the ring called-out in alarm.

However, Shi Mu’s gaze was fixed on Lan Feng.

An average person wouldn’t have noticed anything when Lan Feng and Bai Shi had intertwined and passed each other. But, Shi Mu had detected several clues.

The bells hanging from the clothes of Lang Feng were a bit strange. Maybe, it was because of these bells that Bai Shi had remained standing on his spot.

Suddenly, Bai Shi’s body quivered and his facial expression returned to its normal state. He had lost his consciousness for a few moments. Lang Feng’s dagger had arrived in front of him, and was only one foot away from his chest.

Bai Shi’s complexion changed. Innumerable thoughts crashed into his mind. He quickly tilted his body. However, he didn’t draw his shoulder back. In fact, he turned to welcome the dagger. Suddenly, his right hand exuded shockwaves and a cold light emerged from his fingertips. Then, he swept his right hand forward and waved it at Lan Feng’s waist with the intention to launch an attack.

A trace of alarm flashed in Lan Feng’s eyes as she saw this. This unexpected and dangerous attack made her scream in her heart. But, she couldn’t stop her momentum.

They were about to suffer severe injuries when an orange light streaked from mid-air with a ‘whooshing’ sound.

The orange light turned out to be a group of fireballs; each of which was as big as the head of a person. The light was shot towards the floor of the ring at an incredibly fast speed; it then exploded there.

Bang!

Bai Shi and Lan Feng were sent flying as a giant airwave surged in their directions; they were pushed back several meters.

The audience was startled by these turn of events; so much so that they became stupefied for a moment. Then, they turned their gazes towards the direction from where that fireball had come.

They saw two people standing there side-by-side — Shi Mu and Xiao Ming.

Xiao Ming’s complexion looked pale. His right arm was held out; it seemed to have assumed the posture of pointing forward. The residual of an orange light lingered on his fingertip.

“Brother Xiao, you…” Shi Mu was dumbstruck.

Xiao Ming looked around at astonished faces. Then, he took a deep breath and put down his arm.

“A magician…” someone shouted from the crowd. Then, the crowd exploded with excitement as people began to discuss among themselves.

Lan Feng’s face revealed an astonished look. However, Bai Shi didn’t look surprised. He glanced at Lan Feng, and then shifted his gaze towards Xiao Ming.

“Brother Bai, how could you risk your life for the sake of a single Flaming Demon Token?” Xiao Ming forced a smile on his face as he said.

Bai Shi wrinkled his eyebrows. But, he had to nod since things had got to this point. He turned towards Lan Feng and clasped his one hand in the other across his chest. He then said, “Miss Lan’s blood power is indeed remarkable. It’s quite difficult to deal with it. But, we should stop now since our fight has been interrupted.”

“Brother Bai regained his consciousness very fast; it greatly surprised me,” Lan Feng gave a perfunctory reply. The bells hanging from her clothes jingled as she turned around and stepped down from the ring.

Qu Kun and the golden-haired youngster had been watching the match from a distance. Their expressions changed as they saw this. Their faces revealed a pleasantly surprised look.

“I had never thought that there would be such talented people in this group of new disciples. That guy has learned some magic arts… but the induction force of his fire element was quite profound,” Qu Kun muttered.

He had barely finished speaking when the golden-haired youngster walked past him along with his two fellow disciples. Then, they advanced towards the ring.

Qu Kun’s complexion changed as he saw this. Then, he too strode towards the ring with his fellow men.

The new disciples were scared of Qu Kun. So, they hurriedly made way for him and the golden-haired boy when they saw them walking over with their friends.

Bai Shi had stepped down from the ring. He, Xiao Ming and Shi Mu were talking when they saw Qu Kun and the golden-haired youngster walking towards them.

Shi Mu felt a cold shiver in his heart as he saw Qu Kun and Huo Mao approach them. However, his facial expressions didn’t change.

”Brother Bai, I watched you compete that girl. It’s amazing that you have made such a terrific progress in such a short period of time,” the golden-haired youth greeted Bai Shi with a soft smile; he seemed to be familiar with him.

“Brother Jin is flattering me,” Bai Shi clasped his hands in front of the golden-haired youngster in obeisance. Then, he nodded to Huo Mao in greeting.

“This guy doesn’t seem familiar to me. Is he your friend?” the golden-haired youngster asked in a casual manner as he looked Xiao Ming.

Bai Shi couldn’t help but look at Xiao Ming.

Xiao Ming’s complexion was still pale. He nodded after a little hesitation.

“This is my friend… Xiao Ming,” Bai Shi said with a smile.

“So… you are young disciple Xiao. I met you on the entrance day. Your extraordinary talent left a great impression on me. You are indeed different from an average disciple. But, I had never expected that you would possess magical powers. The induction force of your fire element was pretty impressive. I think your status in the Sect will be promoted as soon as your performance is reported to our elders,” Qu Kun managed to say with a smile.

The golden-haired youngster frowned as he saw this; his complexion darkened.

“Brother Xiao’s magical powers might’ve been exhausted now. I happen to be carrying this Spirit-Strengthening Pill that can supplement your magical powers. You don’t have to be polite… just accept it.” Qu Kun didn’t wait for Xiao Ming to say anything. He pulled out a delicate white bottle from his bosom and raised his hand to give it to Xiao Ming.

The golden-haired youngster’s facial expression changed again as he realized that the cost of the Spirit-Strengthening Pill wouldn’t be less than several thousand silvers. He hadn’t expected that Qu Kun act so desperately to get Xiao Ming into his group.

Xiao Ming’s complexion changed. He didn’t put out his hand to receive the pill. Instead, he gazed at Bai Shi with a puzzled and hesitant expression on his face.

“Hehe… the Blood Dragon Gang is very rich and overbearing. But, I’ve heard that Brother Qu forcefully seized a Flaming Demon Token from Brother Xiao when he entered our Sect. In fact, Brother Xiao had narrowly escaped that day. I wonder if this news is indeed true.” The golden-haired youth sneered as he hit Qu Kun’s sore spot.

The surrounding disciples rolled back the curtain of their memories as they heard this. Then, they started to recall the bitter experiences they had on the entrance day. However, they didn’t dare to reveal an indignant expression on their faces. They merely looked towards Qu Kun and his two followers in an unwilling manner.

Xiao Ming lowered his gaze.

Qu Kun noticed the changed look in Xiao Ming’s eyes. So, he knitted his eyebrows and slowly retracted his arm.

“Brother Xiao, we don’t need to be secretive. My name is Jin Huan. I’m a member of the Holy Spirit Association. Our group has several talented magicians like you. But, I don’t know if Brother Xiao will be interested in joining our association. I’m not a magician. But, there are many people in our association who could help to accelerate the speed of your progress,” the golden-haired youngster said earnestly.

“A splendid martial arts warrior like Brother Bai is also a rare talent. You’re welcome in our group as well,” the golden-haired youngster said as he turned to look at Bai Shi.

Shi Mu stood silently beside them as he listened to their conversation.

He had heard the name of the Holy Spirit Association multiple times in the last two months. As per his knowledge, this association was very powerful because of its several formidable Hou Tian Warriors. They had even recruited a few scholar level magicians. However, they didn’t have a harmonious relationship with the Blood Dragon Gang’s Qu Kun.



Chapter 67: A Graceful Refusal

“Brother Xiao, our Blood Dragon Gang has two magicians. So, the matter of mutual exchange won’t be an issue. And you’ll be entitled to receive some free pills every month if you join our gang. This Spirit-Strengthening Pill is one of them,” Qu Kun hurriedly said as he saw Xiao Ming getting convinced by Jin Huan.

“Brother Xiao, the Holy Spirit Association also provides various kinds of pills like the Spirit-Strengthening Pill to our magicians every month; for free. We also have a practice-manuscript of a Spirit-Grade magician; it belonged to one of our senior disciples from many years ago. You can borrow it at any time if you join us,” Jin Huan said proudly.

An envious expression could be seen on the faces of the surrounding disciples as they saw two major associations compete to convince Xiao Ming to join them.

However, Bai Shi stood beside his friend with a smile on his face. He was genuinely happy for his friend. He had even forgotten that his moment in the spot-light had nearly been snatched by Xiao Ming.

“A manuscript of a Spirit-Grade magician!” Xiao Ming was exhilarated. He turned his gaze and looked at Bai Shi for support.

Bai Shi remained silent. However, he gave him a slight nod.

Qu Kun was furious. He shouted in his heart for his bad luck. He was about to say something when Xiao Ming’s voice burst out, “Senior Jin has invited me very earnestly… So, this younger brother won’t turn down his offer. I’ll be glad to join the Holy Spirit Association.” Jin Huan was delighted as heard this.

“Brother Xiao has taken a sensible decision. You won’t regret it… Now, may I ask whether or not Brother Bai intends to join our association?” the golden-haired youngster asked with a smile as he shifted his vision towards Bai Shi.

“I’ll be glad to be a part of your association since my friend Brother Xiao is also willing to join it,” Bai Shi replied with a smile.

The golden-haired youngster felt delighted as he heard his reply.

This left Qu Kun in an awkward position. His embarrassment took away the color of his face. His complexion became as dark as a black pot. However, he couldn’t launch his counter in front of so many people. Suddenly, he caught a glimpse of Lan Feng. She was conversing with a girl in the crowd. His eyes brightened up. A trace of a smile appeared on his face as he walked towards her.

“Miss Lan, long-time no-see. The magical power of your blood seems even more exquisite than before,” Qu Kun said with a smile.

“Senior Qu is overpraising me,” she turned her head and replied in a cheerful manner.

“Miss Lan possesses an outstanding natural talent. You should be ranked among the best of the new disciples. Oh… by the way… may I know what you have decided regarding joining our Blood Dragon Gang?” Qu Kun asked with a smile.

“Well, that…” Lan Feng’s vision moved. However, she didn’t reply immediately; it seemed as if she was still considering the proposal.

“Miss Lan, I’ve a piece of advice for you. There isn’t any difference between your current strength and that of the other new disciples. But, your strength will progress once you get help from some external force. Practicing by yourself won’t be beneficial. After all, it’s very difficult to achieve something great without anyone’s help,” Qu Kun stated in a dignified tone.

Lan Feng’s beautiful eyes flickered as she cast her glance towards Bai Shi and Xiao Ming. She hesitated for a while. But then, she seemed to have taken a decision. She replied with a smile, “This young girl won’t dare to turn down such a genuine offer since senior Qu has invited me again and again; it would be very disrespectful.”

“Great! Sister Lan, the president of our Blood Dragon Gang happens to be in the valley today. Let’s go and meet him. Our leader is a heroic person who upholds justice. He would be delighted to know that an extraordinary blood warrior like you is willing to be a part of our group,” Qu Kun made the invitation in a cheerful manner.

Lan Feng didn’t hesitate. She turned around and walked towards the mountain valley with Qu Kun after she had exchanged a few words with the girl she had been talking to.

The golden-haired youngster snorted contemptuously as he saw Qu Kun walk away. Then, he turned around and continued to talk with Bai Shi and Xiao Ming in a low voice.

The other disciples departed with despondent hearts since there was nothing left to witness.

Shi Mu too felt awkward. So, he bid his goodbye to Bai Shi and turned around to leave.

“Brother Shi, hold on for a second,” Bai Shi’s eyes flickered as he called-out to stop Shi Mu. Then, he turned around and whispered a few words to the golden-haired youngster.

The golden-haired youngster looked at Shi Mu with glimmer in his eyes. Then, he walked up to him.

“So, you are Brother Shi Mu? I heard from Brother Bai that you possess an uncommon strength. He said that you are a blood warrior as well. You are the one who had firmly received Qu Kun’s punch on the entrance day. You may join our Holy Spirit Association if you wish,” the golden-haired youngster stated in a generous manner.

Shi Mu was dumbfounded. Numerous thoughts bubbled-up in his mind as he tried to reach a conclusion. Finally, he clasped his hands across his chest respectfully and said with a smile, “Brother Jin has overpraised me. I was born with great physical strength. I have practiced a physical art that has made my skin very tough. That’s why, I was able to receive Senior Qu’s punch. But, it’s mere a superficial strength. In fact, I don’t possess any remarkable talent. So, I am afraid that I might disappoint Senior Jin and Brother Bai.”

He smiled apologetically as he looked at Bai Shi.

A surprised look crossed Jin Huan’s face. However, he didn’t lose his temper because of Shi Mu’s refusal. He said instead, “All human beings have their own aspirations. So, I won’t force you to join us.”

It was useless for him to strengthen a low-grade blood warrior’s body. Therefore, he didn’t go so far as to invite Shi Mu again and again.

Bai Shi let out a sigh as he saw that Shi Mu had refused the invitation. However, he didn’t say anything. He turned his head and joined Jin Huan and others in conversation.

Shi Mu was struck by a variety of feelings as he saw Xiao Ming, Bai Shi and others being indulged in a passionate conversation. He felt disheartened. Then, he turned around and walked away.

However, he had only covered a little distance when a person’s voice was heard from behind him, “Hehe… Brother Shi, wait a moment.”

Shi Mu turned around to see a youngster with rough facial features approach him; that youngster was Huo Mao.

“Senior Huo, I had never thought that you would belong to the Holy Spirit Association,” Shi Mu said with a smile.

Shi Mu hadn’t harbored a favorable impression of Huo Mao because of his addiction for wine and straightforward nature.

“There’s nothing to be so proud of. I only run errands for the association,” Huo Mao waved his hand as he replied.

Shi Mu was startled. He was about to say something when Huo Mao let out a sigh. Then, he looked around and said in a whispering tone, “Brother Shi, you have joined this Sect recently. So, you aren’t aware that both the Holy Spirit Association and the Blood Dragon Gang are very powerful groups. But, you won’t get anything from them if you don’t have an extraordinary talent. You’ll be pushed aside. In fact, you may even get bullied by others. I personally suggest that you decline every call to participate in the gang-fights… if needed. You might as well stay away from all the groups and practice by yourself. You will enjoy more freedom this way. I personally think that Brother Shi did the right thing by refusing the invitation.”

“Senior Huo, thanks a lot for your guidance,” Shi Mu nodded and said in a soft voice.

Shi Mu had declined Jin Huan’s invitation for two reasons – firstly, he was reluctant to rely on a ‘condescending’ help because of his self-respect; secondly, his refusal had stemmed from the same consideration which was made clear by Huo Mao’s words.

After all, his practicing speed was restricted because of his wasted blood. His practice would’ve been further hampered if he were to use his precious time and energy to assist his group.

“Senior Huo, please excuse me. I have something to do. So, I’ll take my leave. I’ll certainly invite you for a cup of drink the next time we meet,” Shi Mu looked in the direction of the Bluestone Plaza as he said.

“Hehe… I think Brother Shi wants to go there to buy pills, right? What a coincidence! I have to go there as well… Let’s go together,” Huo Mao said with a soft chuckle.

They started to chat as they walked towards the Bluestone Plaza.

“Brother Shi, I didn’t ask you before – where do you hail from? The price of the pills required to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants is not cheap. Could it be that brother Shi belongs to a respected family?” Huo Mao asked inquisitively.



Chapter 68: The Hall of Wealth

Shi Mu forced a smile on his face as he heard Huo Mao’s words. He had consumed several thousand silvers’ worth of pills for his practice in the past two months. However, he had only reached the first level of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. His growth rate was clearly slower than that of Bai Shi, Lan Feng and the other new disciples. This weighed a considerable amount of pressure on his heart.

Moreover, the wealth that he had received from Aunt Zhen and the Fifth Master was gone. However, he would need more pills to practice the second level of this art.

In addition, he had inquired about the Demon Qi which was essential to practice the Art of Breeding a Strong Evil Ape. He had come to know that the Demon Qi was sold in the Sect’s market. However, its price was much more than that of the Bone-Tempering Pill.

“How could I belong to a respected family? I entered this sect purely by chance. I have nearly spent all my money. Now… I’ve luckily bumped into you. So, I better take your advice. The Sect provides a small ration per month. But, is there any other way a disciple can earn money in our Sect?” Shi Mu forced a smile as he asked. Something had suddenly crossed his mind. Therefore, he asked this question in a curious manner.

Huo Mao shot a surprised look at Shi Mu. It seemed as if he couldn’t believe what Shi Mu had said. How could a person even think of selecting such an expensive art when he didn’t have a strong financial background?

“Brother Shi, you can go to the Hall of Wealth if you wish to make money. It’s located between the twelfth and the thirteenth mountain peaks. Various kinds of jobs are available there – for both… the ordinary and the janitor disciples. The jobs that can’t be performed by the janitor disciples are suitable for primary disciples like you,” Huo Mao replied thoughtfully after a little hesitation.

“Seriously? Is there a place like that in our Sect?” Huo Mao’s words ignited a flame of happiness in Shi Mu’s heart.

“Brother Shi, you must’ve been busy in closed-door trainings. Otherwise, new disciples like you should be aware of this place by now,” Huo Mao burst-out laughing.

“Haha… maybe. I rarely go out these days. Otherwise, this information was unlikely to stay obscured.” Shi Mu felt slightly embarrassed. However, he suddenly set a firm resolve in his heart – he had decided to become friends with others in order to avoid such embarrassing situations in future.

They chatted as they advanced towards the Bluestone Plaza. Then, they bid their farewells and went their separate ways.

Shi Mu spent nearly all of his remaining money to purchase the Bone-Tempering and Blood-Strengthening Pills. Then, he left for the twelfth mountain peak.

He soon arrived at a magnificent two-storied building; it was situated between the two mountain peaks.

It was noon; the sun was at its peak and shining brightly. The dark main hall was glowing due to the intense and dazzling sunlight. There were two entrance doors to the hall. These doors were several feet high and were wide open. Several black-robed ordinary and janitor disciples strolled in-and-out of these doors in endless streams.

“The Hall of Wealth”– these words were written in huge bold letters on a wooden plaque which was hung over the entrance door.

Shi Mu narrowed his eyes and gazed at the wooden plaque. Then, he walked towards the entrance door.

A cool breeze caressed his face as soon as he entered the front door of the hall. He saw a short passageway in front of him. It was lined with butter torches that had thick handles. These torches were positioned on either side of the passageway; at the interval of every ten feet. The torches’ flames illuminated the passageway as they swayed in the wind.

A faint buzzing sound could be heard from the other side of the passageway. Shi Mu advanced forward without any hesitation.

He saw a turn in the passageway after he had walked a few feet. He followed it. Suddenly, his eyes were dazzled by strong lights.

He had entered a huge and spacious hall; it was several dozen feet long and twenty feet wide. Butter torches were lined along its surrounding walls. Therefore, the entire hall was as bright as daytime.

A dozen large screens could be seen in the middle of the hall. More than a hundred disciples of the Black Demon Sect were scattered around these screens. Their exclamations, murmurs, footsteps and discussions had led to the faint noise that Shi Mu had heard earlier.

Most of these screens were filled with several rows of blue and black words. The majority of these words were written in black. Only a few of them were written in blue. Shi Mu noticed the black-robed janitor disciples as they entered the main hall and wrote something on the screens with the required color brush.

Some janitor disciples held uncolored brushes in their hands. They swept these brushes on the screen from time-to-time; the black and blue words disappeared as they did that.

Shi Mu walked to an obscure corner and started to observe the situation.

Shi Mu noticed a black-robed janitor disciple as he removed a row of words from the screen. Then, he transcribed a new row of black words on the blank spot.

Four primary disciples surrounded the screen as soon as the janitor disciple finished writing. One of them shook his head as he read the line aloud.

The black-robed janitor disciple had barely put-away his brush when a primary disciple approached him. That primary disciple had a birthmark on his left cheek. Then, the two of them got engaged in a conversation.

The janitor disciple nodded and fished-out a black token from his bosom. Then, he gave the token to the primary disciple with the birthmark on his face.

The primary disciple’s face beamed with excitement as he received the token. He then turned around and departed. After that, the janitor disciple took out a red-colored brush and swept it across the black words. A red-flame-shaped mark appeared on top of the black words.

Shi Mu realized that only the black words had red marks; the blue words were barely marked. A few rows of words had been marked by two red marks.

A ray of clear understanding flashed through Shi Mu’s eyes as he deciphered it. He then moved towards the nearest screen; the first row of black words had attracted his eyes.

“Three thirty-year-old Holy-Wind Grass wanted. Reward – three thousand silvers. Time limit – three months.”

The high reward made Shi Mu’s eyes glimmer even though he didn’t know anything about the Holy-Wind Grass. He moved to the next row; it was about some kind of herbal medicine. It didn’t have any time limit. But, the reward was only five hundred silvers. It seemed to be some kind of a long-range mission.

He moved to the next screen when he had finished reading the first one.

Shi Mu heaved a sigh of relief after he had finished reading all the twenty rows of the black words within a few minutes.

Most of the tasks were meant for Alchemy magicians and Charm magicians. The reward offered for these tasks was better than others.

Even the most ordinary magicians were paid several thousand silvers for taking-up a simple task like maturing a field of holy plants. The rewards for slightly complex tasks which were designed for higher-level magicians were paid in holy stones.

It was a known-fact that even the most low-grade spirit stone could be easily exchanged for two-three million silvers. Moreover, these spirit stones were so rare that one would never come across them in the market. The spirit stones couldn’t help a warrior in his training. However, they were priceless to a magician since they could absorb his spiritual energy and transform it into his magical power. Moreover, a number of magic circles and magic formulas couldn’t be made without a spirit stone.

Shi Mu felt extremely envious of magicians as he thought about their money making abilities. He wouldn’t have to worry about the money required for the practice of his Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants and Art of Breeding Strong Evil Ape if he were a magician.

Suddenly, a thought struck his heart – Xiao Ming was a magician. He started to wonder about the possibility of practicing magical arts. After all, he had never tested his talent.

Shi Mu was aware that a few disciples in the Sect practiced both… martial and magic arts.



Chapter 69: Forging Iron

Shi Mu pondered over the grandeur of being a rich magician for a while. Then, he shook his head and cast this thought aside. The innate skill needed to become a magician was quite rare. Therefore, the possibility of him possessing that skill was extremely low. He needed to focus on finding a task that suited his presently known abilities; a task that rewarded him at the earliest.

Most of the tasks mentioned on the screens were related to the collection of some kind of rare and precious herbs or minerals. A few tasks related to assistance-required on some special arts; some other tasks needed help with some of the day-to-day problems. The rewards offered for these strange tasks were five to six thousand silvers.

Shi Mu felt discouraged as he compared this reward with that of a magician’s.

A few tasks were described in blue-colored words; the rewards they offered were considerably higher. However, the difficulty-level to perform these tasks wasn’t low; a group of people would be required to complete most of these tasks. Some of these tasks even offered the ‘unattainable’ Flaming Demon Token as reward.

Unfortunately, Shi Mu couldn’t complete these tasks on his own.

Suddenly, his facial expressions changed. He walked towards a screen as his eyes fell on a row of black-colored words – “Recruiting a vigorous Hou Tian warrior to forge two hundred pieces of refined iron; Reward – ninety silvers per piece!”

Shi Mu had possessed a strength of 500 kilograms even though he hadn’t practiced any Hou Tian Art. He had now made a breakthrough to the first stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. Therefore, his brute-strength had increased by 30-40 %; he could push it even further he was to draw support from the Real Qi that he had accumulated by the practice of this Art. Therefore, this task was suitable for him. It also offered a good reward.

There were several red marks on this row of words. This meant that this task had been taken-up by some other people as well. However, the task hadn’t put any limit on the number of mission-takers.

Shi Mu beckoned his hand in the direction of the main hall’s counter; it was quite distant from the place where he stood. A black-robed janitor-disciple walked over after a moment.

Shi Mu had a black-colored iron token in his hand a moment later. An image of fire was imprinted on its back, while number “73” was carved on its front. Shi Mu smiled mildly and walked out of the hall.

It was noon; the sun was showering its scorching light over the valley. A blazing flame was roaring inside Zhao Ji’s blacksmith shop. This had made the temperature of the shop extremely high. Three sturdy young men were resting and enjoying the cool air as they sat on either side of the doorway.

“Brother Lin, it seems that we can forge a hundred pieces of iron today,” a diminutive yet sturdy youngster said with delight.

“Right… We can forge fifty more pieces this afternoon. Then, we’ll be successful in getting nine thousand silvers. So, each one of us will be entitled to three thousand silvers,” another youngster with a soybean-sized mole on the corner of his mouth spoke-up. Then, he smiled as he turned his head and looked at the fifty iron pieces that had already been forged.

These three thousand silvers were insignificant in comparison to the several-thousands that were offered by harder missions. However, those missions could take a considerable time; more than a day or even half-a-month wouldn’t be enough to complete some of those tasks. Therefore, the reward of three-thousand-silvers-a-day was exceptional from that perspective.

“No one can earn this money since this task is too difficult for ordinary people to complete. We have strengthened our bodies with the help of special medicines since childhood. So, our physical strength is more than an average person’s,” a dark-skinned youngster rubbed his sore and tired arms as he said.

“But… this work is too exhausting. So, we’ll have to rest for a few days after we’ve forged those hundred pieces of iron.”

The words of the dark-skinned youngster aroused the sympathy of the other two men since their bodies were also aching. The task of forging iron was quite tiring. Moreover, the temperature in the blacksmith’s shop was extremely high. Each piece of iron needed around three hundred strikes of a hammer that weighed more than 100 kilograms; only then could it be forged. Their sweat would stream down their bodies as they’d work. This had forced them to take rest at regular intervals.

These three youngsters were new disciples, and had been recruited by the Black Demon Sect in the current year. They had a good relationship with each other since they used to practice their body-strengthening cultivation arts together. Therefore, they took-up this task together in the morning. They had then arrived here.

“It seems like another person has taken-up this task,” the dark-skinned youngster wrinkled his brows as he said in a low voice.

The other two youngsters turned their gazes and saw Zhao Ping – the owner of the shop – leading a strong and tall disciple towards the shop with a smile on his face.

“Humph! I’m afraid that he’ll give-up and quit after he sees the difficulty-level of this task. Moreover, how will he compete with the three of us? Let’s try harder and forge as fast as possible,” the guy with the mole snorted and said in a low voice.

After that, he got up and walked towards the shop to continue his work. The other two youngsters also stood up and followed him. Then, ‘dang’ ‘dang’ sounds of forging iron started to resound.

The slightly plump owner of the shop stopped in front of the door and turned his head towards the tall young man, “Brother Shi, put the refined iron chunks behind you once you’re done with forging them. If the quality is up to the standard… then I’ll pay you ninety silvers for each piece. As far as the iron token that you have is concerned… I’ll take care of that when the time comes… I will return it to the Hall of Wealth.”

The sturdy and tall disciple was obviously Shi Mu.

“Well… thank you so much Senior Zhao,” Shi Mu nodded and replied respectfully.

Then, he strode towards the blacksmith’s shop and vanished inside.

A wave of heat hit Shi Mu’s face as he stepped inside. He saw a huge iron furnace. Five or six shirtless men were working around it; they didn’t seem to be affected by the extreme heat.

An iron forging platform was located near the furnace. It was made of cast-iron and was twenty feet long, ten feet wide and two feet thick. Three sturdy and semi-naked youngsters were gathered around the platform. Sweat dripped from their bodies as they wielded the huge hammers to forge the red-hot iron.

The facial expressions of these three men didn’t look friendly; they were looking at Shi Mu with anger in their eyes.

However, their bone-piercing glare didn’t have any effect on Shi Mu. Shi Mu looked around and discovered fifty dark refined irons behind the three youngsters. His heart skipped a beat as he remembered that the task posted in the morning had requested to forge two hundred iron pieces in total. However, one-fourth of these iron pieces had already been forged by these youngsters in only half-a-day.

His vision explored more of the surroundings. He found two huge hammers kept in a corner. These hammers were similar to the ones the three youngsters were using. Shi Mu walked towards the corner without taking-off his shirt. He then grasped one of the hammers with his right hand. He waved it a few times — as if the hammer was as light as a twig.

This brought a faint smile on his face.

The iron hammer weighed more than 100 kilograms. This meant that one had to have 250 kilograms of strength to lift it. However, Shi Mu lifted it without even using his real Qi.

One of the shirtless men working near the stove grabbed a piece of refined iron with a pair of large tongs. He then placed it on the iron platform. Shi Mu walked towards the platform as he saw this. Then, he pounded his hammer down fiercely.

“Dang!” an ear-piercing sound rang-out as he pounded the hammer. It was followed by sparks that showered around from the spot where the hammer had hit the red-hot iron. Consequently, the iron piece got slightly bent.

There was a trace of amazement in the eyes of the three youngsters.

“This guy’s strength is off the charts!”

They would’ve taken at least three strikes to have such a tangible effect on the same iron piece.

The complexion of Zhao Ping – the owner of the blacksmith’s shop – changed as he saw this. He felt quite pleased. He knew that the greater strength Shi Mu had… the quicker the speed of his work would be. The task would’ve taken until the next day to finish if he had relied on those three men alone. But now, there was a possibility that the task may get finished ahead of its scheduled-time since Shi Mu had joined them.



Chapter 70: Flaming Beast Group

Shi Mu didn’t seem to care about the strange looks that he received from the surrounding people. Instead, he wielded his hammer and started to forge a red iron piece. His repetitive strikes led to a ‘dang dang’ sound which started to resound in every direction.

The sound produced by his continuous hammering attracted the attention of the surrounding people. They noticed the blue veins that were popping out of his arms. This indicated that he was forging without using his Real Qi; he seemed to be depending solely upon his demonic strength. Moreover, he wielded a 100 kilograms hammer as if it was as light as a feather.

This forced the surrounding people to suck in a deep breath.

The iron piece seemed to have been refined after a hundred or more strikes; its impurities had been thrashed out. The piece had been reduced to 10% of its original size. The redness had faded from its surface; it appeared black after extrusion.

A shirtless man stood near the furnace; he swallowed as he saw this. Then, he stepped forward and stopped Shi Mu with an awe-stricken expression on his face. After that, he grasped the refined iron piece with his big pliers and put it behind Shi Mu.

Shi Mu beckoned to another sturdy man who stood close to the furnace. That man hesitantly grabbed another piece of glowing-red iron and placed it in front of him. Then, Shi Mu wielded his hammer once again.

The three youngsters gaped at each other as they saw Shi Mu’s speed of forging a piece of iron. A restless expression was spread across their faces.

The owner of the shop was also startled as he saw this. However, his face beamed with a cheerful smile since he felt quite satisfied with Shi Mu’s speed.

Shi Mu moved to forging the fifth piece of iron after he had forged four pieces in continuation; there were no traces of fatigue on his face. However, the three other youngsters had exhausted themselves in the process of forging a single piece of iron; they were sweating from all over their bodies. They gritted their teeth as they stared at Shi Mu in a malicious manner. Then, they pushed their Real Qi and continued to work without taking any rest.

The three youngsters eventually took rest after they had reached their limits. However, Shi Mu was still forging — his twelfth piece — in succession.

He was in high spirits since he was aware that one piece of iron would pay him ninety silvers. This meant that he had earned around one thousand silvers in only half-an-hour.

The complexion of the three youngsters had turned pale; they looked at Shi Mu with look of disbelief in their eyes. They eventually lost their confidence as they saw Shi Mu forge the iron unceasingly – without taking a moment’s rest.

The sturdy and semi-naked workers in the shop were extremely excited since this was a rare sight. They started to bet on the number of iron pieces Shi Mu would forge before taking rest. One of them guessed ten pieces; the other said fifteen. However, the boldest of them dared to predict thirty.

Meanwhile, the owner of the shop had quietly arrived near the forging platform; he stood just a few feet away. He watched Shi Mu’s movements with a dignified look on his face.

However, Shi Mu didn’t pay any attention to his surroundings. His mind was completely focused on the red iron piece placed in front of him. It required lots of skill and attention to forge an iron piece. So, one could forge an iron piece with minimal effort and high efficiency only by focusing one’s attention and maintaining a proper pace.

Shi Mu finished forging his 102nd piece and noticed that the forging furnace had been closed. This meant that the required number of pieces had been forged.

He raised his head to find the three youngsters sitting on the ground in a corner; they looked completely exhausted. The three of them were staring at Shi Mu. Even the sturdy blacksmiths were staring at him as if he was a monster.

Shi Mu was puzzled at the sight of this. Then, his eyes fell on the owner of the shop; his face was gleaming with excitement. Shi Mu walked towards him and spoke with a smile, “Brother Zhao, it seems that the task has been completed. What about the pay…”

“Oh… it was a big help… here are your nine-thousand and two-hundred in silver notes,” The owner took out nine notes of one thousand silvers and two notes of one hundred silvers. He then handed them over to Shi Mu. He seemed to have prepared this payment in advance.

“As far as the twenty silvers are concerned… you don’t need to return the change. Consider that I have paid you in a round figure,” the owner beckoned with his hand and stated as he saw Shi Mu fumbling in his pocket for the change.

“Thanks a lot, Brother Zhao.” Shi Mu was little surprised. But then, his eyes glittered with joy. He received the silver notes without any argument.

“I am Zhao Ping. It’s my first meeting with Brother Shi… but I have a feeling that we’ll get along very well. By the way… I noticed that you forged more than one hundred pieces of refined iron without using your Real Qi. You possess an extraordinary talent. You must be a very talented person with an oppressive physical strength and vitality. May I ask something… is Brother Shi interested in joining our Flaming Beast Group? Several disciples in our group practice different kinds of body-strengthening arts. Myriads of free pills are provided to them every month. In addition, we share several Hou Tian level arts. These arts can help you to progress exponentially as compared to others; that too before next year’s competition,” the owner made a loud noise and spoke these words as he saw that Shi Mu was preparing to leave.

“Is Brother Zhao a member of the Flaming Beast group?” Shi Mu was surprised.

“Yes. Our group is very strict regarding our prospective members in comparison to the Holy Spirit Association and Blood Dragon Gang. The resources that we provide are more favorable than others. So, please consider it. You know… it’s almost impossible to progress quickly when one depends solely on their own self,” Zhao Ping looked at Shi Mu in a sincere manner. Then, he spoke these words to persuade him to join his group without waiting for him to speak.

The eyes of the three youngsters gleamed and their bodies turned fiery as they heard these words. They wished that they could somehow substitute Shi Mu and accept this invitation.

The disciples who aspired for body-strengthening arts yearned for the power and support of the Flaming Beast Group.

Such disciples often visited the blacksmith’s shop. And they had two reasons to do so. Firstly – to make money; secondly – to get closer to Zhao Ping. This was because they knew that this shop belonged to the Flaming Beast Group. So, they could get a chance to enter the group by using Zhao Ping as a ladder.

Shi Mu didn’t give a quick response even though the three youngsters had expected him to. Instead, he sank into a deep thought.

The offer was indeed alluring. He believed that the Hou Tian level body-strengthening arts would increase his chances of winning the next year’s competition.

He had chosen two cultivation arts simultaneously. Therefore, he had been desperately looking for Hou Tian level martial arts techniques to enhance his strength. Moreover, his desire to practice these techniques had increased after he had watched the match between Bai Shi and Lan Feng. In addition, the competition would start after one year. His performance in the competition would determine whether or not he would gain a foothold in this Sect. So, Shi Mu couldn’t afford to lose this chance.

“Brother Zhao, you are flattering me. I merely have a strong body with rough skin. Also, I have been practicing arts that strengthen my body. So, I seem to be relatively stronger than others. But, the fact is that my strength is superficial. So, I’m afraid that I might fail to live up to Brother Zhao’s expectation.” Shi Mu smiled apologetically as he declined the offer.

Shi Mu was dying to accept this offer. However, he knew that there was no such thing as a ‘free meal’ in this world. Moreover, he hadn’t forgotten Huo Mao’s advice about the ‘dangers of joining groups’ in the Sect. Therefore, he had refused the invitation after a second thought.

The three youngsters couldn’t believe their ears as they heard this. They looked at him as if he was a fool.

Zhao Ping had intended to urge him again. However, he dropped the idea because he saw a very determined look on Shi Mu’s face. He swallowed back his words and shook his head regretfully; he didn’t say anything.

Shi Mu didn’t repent even though he regretted his decision somewhat. He didn’t wish to stay there any longer since he had been sweating profusely; it was quite uncomfortable for him. He clasped his hands across his chest and bid goodbye to Zhao Ping. He then departed from the blacksmith’s shop.



Chapter 71: The Hall of Magic

The sky turned dusky as the sun started to disappear into the horizon.

Shi Mu walked out of the blacksmith’s shop with lively footsteps; he had nearly ten thousand silvers in his pocket.

He had earned this money with an easy job of hammering iron. Therefore, he was quite satisfied. He wasn’t sure if he’d bump into such an opportunity again.

He took a turn from the foot of the mountain. A building covered with spires of grey tiles appeared in his line-of-sight; it was located in a medium-sized area.

There were numerous buildings in the mountain-valley. However, Shi Mu hadn’t paid any attention to his surroundings when he was heading to the blacksmith’s shop. Now, he saw a grey building as he strolled his vision around. A huge board hung above the front gate of the building; it was inscribed with – “The Hall of Magic”.

Several disciples were gathered in front of the building’s gate. These disciples were looking towards the hall in an inquisitive manner. However, nobody took a step to enter the hall.

This sparked-off Shi Mu’s curiosity; he stopped.

Suddenly, a gust of wind rolled out of the hall. The vision of the surrounding people got blurred due to the swirling sand that surged with the wind; the crowd was pushed-back a few steps.

“Ah!” a shadow flashed-out with a loud scream; it was wrapped in the wind. It issued dull thumping sounds as it fell on the ground outside the main hall.

The strong wind didn’t have any effect on Shi Mu since he was standing at a distance from the front gate.

Therefore, he could see everything clearly. He realized that the shadow was that of a youngster with dark skin; he seemed to be as old as Shi Mu. His body had been tightly tied-up by green vine canes; it seemed as if he was wrapped in a steamed rice dumpling – only his head and calves were visible.

The dark-skinned youngster had hit the ground heavily since he was forcibly flung-out of the hall. He groaned in pain as he rolled on the ground; his face was contorted in agony. He couldn’t even get up from the ground.

“Brother Yue!”

Two youngsters rushed out of the crowd; they seemed to be acquaintances of the swarthy youth. However, they stopped and looked towards the gate of the hall; they were aghast. For a while, they didn’t dare to put-out their hands to help the youngster who lay on the ground.

“How dare you come here to take the test with such talent? You have wasted my precious time,” a hoarse voice could be heard from inside the hall; the tone revealed an impatient disposition.

The dark-skinned youth struggled as he lay on the ground. He finally got rid of the vines with the help of his two friends. Then, he looked towards the door of the hall with a flushed face.

“It’s impossible! I asked a specialist to check me when I lived with my family. On the basis of what he discovered… I definitely possess a magician skill. I’ve even started to learn the foundation techniques.” The youngster looked embarrassed. He argued since he couldn’t accept those words.

“Humph! Don’t compare other magicians with this Sect’s. Everyone knows that the resources needed to train a magician are almost ten times more than the resources needed to cultivate a warrior of the same level. Did you think that this Sect would spend huge resources to train people like you…? …People who have only one element’s ‘one degree’ induction force? One must – at least – be able to make the ‘induction water’ shine-over ‘three degrees’ in order to become an official magician-practitioner,” the voice sounded even more impatient.

The dark-skinned youngster felt humiliated by these words. Therefore, he departed with a dejected face.

“Those who want to test their magic skills must come inside with a clear mind. If someone comes in carelessly… then I won’t just throw you out — I won’t give such a simple punishment again. This old man doesn’t have a lot of free time,” the harsh voice resounded. This was followed by absolute silence in the hall.

The surrounding people looked at each other in dismay as they heard these words. Then, they started to discuss in low voices.

Shi Mu understood the entire matter as he listened to the people’s discussion. The ‘Hall of Magic’ was a place that filtered true magicians from the huge aspiring crowd.

However, they didn’t examine one’s talent for free. One needed to pay three thousand silvers to enter the hall.

In addition, the examiner of this place had a strange temperament. The money paid as the entrance fee would get wasted if a person’s test result didn’t turn out to be satisfactory. Moreover, that person would be humiliated by the examiner.

The discussion continued for a while. Some people were eager to try. However, the swarthy youngster’s experience had left them discouraged. Therefore, nobody dared to step into the hall.

Shi Mu also hesitated for a moment. But, the magician’s status made his eyes twinkle with excitement. Moreover, he remembered that there were various kinds of missions for magicians — with excellent pay — in the Hall of Wealth. Therefore, he strengthened his heart and entered the hall with pockets that bulged with silver notes.

The surrounding people were taken aback as they saw this. They began to whisper and inquire about Shi Mu’s status.

Shi Mu seemed to be indifferent to the situation and people’s whispers. He entered the hall in a steady manner.

He crossed the front door of the hall, and came across a corridor which was several feet wide; it led to a serene main hall.

The main hall was spacious. However, it didn’t have many decorations. A vast table made of red sandalwood had been laid-out on the left. A grey-robed old man sat behind the table. He seemed to be absorbed in reading a yellow scroll that he held in his hand.

A round-shaped stone platform had been placed on the right side of the hall. The platform was one feet above the ground. It was ten feet in dimensions; strange magical characters had been painted on its surface.

Multicolored crystal columns had been arranged around that platform; each of these column was as thick as a lip. The colors of these columns were different from each other. In addition, each of them was carved with nine check patterns. These checks divided the standard from bottom-to- top into nine grades. They looked extremely enigmatic.

Shi Mu was astonished as he saw the platform and the crystal columns.

The old man raised his head as he heard Shi Mu’s footsteps.

The old man’s stature was petite; he had grizzled hair and triangular eyes. His mouth was pointed, and his cheeks were like that of a monkey. He had an unkind appearance.

The old man turned his triangular eyes towards Shi Mu as he put-down the scroll. However, he didn’t rise from his seat.

“For detection? Write down your name and status on the paper,” the grey-robed man grunted and said with a desolate expression.

“My name is Shi Mu. I’m a new disciple. I joined this Sect two months back,” Shi Mu cupped one hand in the other across his chest as he respectfully spoke-up.

The grey-robed man sized him up. He sneered, “Didn’t you see what happened a moment ago? You still have the courage to test your magic skills? You harbor wishful thinking, don’t you?”

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard these words. However, he remained silent.

“I’ve seen a lot of guys like you… who can’t practice properly… but whose minds are full of impractical thoughts. The Hall of Magic is a place to test the magic skills of the disciples. But, this old man is unwilling to test worthless fellows like you. You might as well save your money and leave,” the old man glared at Shi Mu as he spoke in a cold voice.

“Senior, this disciple has walked in mentally-prepared. Here are three thousand in silver notes. Please spare a little time to test my skills,” Shi Mu took out three silver notes from his pocket. Then, he respectfully placed them on the red sandalwood table.

The old man was astonished. He narrowed his eyes to observe Shi Mu more closely. However, Shi Mu stood calmly with a firm expression on his face.

“Humph, you’re quite courageous,” A strange look crossed the old man’s eyes. He gave a snort as he stood up from his chair.

“Come over here; stand on this stone platform.” The old man walked-up to the platform and took-out a jade ruler from his bosom. The ruler was engraved with multicolored magical characters; these characters resembled the patterns carved on the stone platform.

Shi Mu was delighted. He hastily walked and stood on the platform.

The old man muttered something. Suddenly, a burst of green light emerged from his body and streamed into the jade ruler.

The characters engraved on the ruler lit-up as soon as the green light submerged into its body. A colorful ray of light exuded from the ruler as the old man waved his arm. Then, the ray of light got integrated with the stone platform.

Buzz!

Suddenly, the patterns carved on the round platform shone-up; they started to radiate various kinds of assorted rays. Then, a whirring sound reverberated in the hall.

Shi Mu’s expressions changed as he saw this. Suddenly, his body was shrouded by the assorted rays exuded by the platform. A gust of warm air rushed forth from beneath his feet and streamed into his body. It wandered within his body at a lightning speed for a while. Then, it flowed back into the stone platform.

The bright patterns on the platform eventually became dim. However, a few changes were seen in the surrounding crystal columns.

Suddenly, a blue, a red and a black crystal column lit-up in unison.

In the three crystal columns — the first position from the bottom shone-up brightly before the ray started to rise upwards.

The blue crystal column shone with one standard check-pattern; the red column with two. However, the black column shone brightly with five check patterns.

The grey-robed old man was stunned as he saw this.



Chapter 72: Spatial Element Induction-Force

The old man’s complexion had returned to its normal ‘serene’ state by the time Shi Mu stepped down from the stone platform.

“May I ask the Senior whether I’ve passed the test or not? I can see that my element-induction ability has crossed the third degree…” Shi Mu had noticed the strange look that had appeared in the old man’s eyes. Therefore, he asked in a probing tone.

“Ahm… it should be… you may be right.” The old man’s triangular eyes glanced at Shi Mu to size him up; his complexion had become a little queer.

“Senior, is there something inappropriate about this disciple’s body?” Shi Mu was exhilarated as he heard the old man’s answer. However, he started to feel restless as he saw the weird look on his face.

“There’s a difference between a magician and a warrior. The strong and weak element induction-force of a person determines his or her potential. Several big Sects… including ours… have reached a consensus – the magicians whose element induction-force falls below three degrees would have little possibility of attaining the Star Grade level; their efforts would be futile even if they consume huge resources. So, several big Sects have set the benchmark of over three degrees element induction-force to determine whether one has the potential to get trained or not. Your element induction-force is over five degrees. This means that you have a slight chance of stepping into the Moon Grade level.” The old man retracted his vision. Then, he explained after pondering for a moment.

Shi Mu became excited as he turned his head to look at the black column.

The old man shook his head as he saw his expression; he seemed to feel a little sorry for him. Then, he clicked his tongue and continued, “You would’ve become an invaluable treasure for our Sect if you had stimulated any other crystal column up to five checks; apart from the black and white columns. Unfortunately, you’ve stimulated the element induction-force which represents the ‘illusionary space’. It’s exceedingly rare. Moreover, no one has ever stimulated this element force in the history of our Sect. So, we barely have any practice-arts for this element. In addition, it’s mostly related to the arts of Formula magicians and Soul magicians. So, you won’t get too far; no matter what effort you exert to practice these two magic arts. The possibility of you climbing-up to the higher level is extremely low.”

Shi Mu was disappointed as he heard this. However, he became calm and confident after he gave it a second thought.

Shi Mu hadn’t had any hope of possessing a magic skill before he had set his foot in the hall. Therefore, even to become a ‘practitioner level’ magician was an incredible achievement for him.

Moreover, he remembered that several tasks available in the Hall of Wealth could only be taken up by a ‘practitioner’ magician.

He became a little impatient.

“Senior, do I have the ability to become an official ‘practitioner’ magician?” Shi Mu looked at the blue and red columns which were below three checks.

“Absolutely!” the old man answered without any hesitation.

“So, can I choose to become a magician?” His eyes sparkled with a trace of excitement. Then, he asked the question that concerned him the most.

“Considering your innate talent… would you have any other choice apart from becoming a ‘Formula’ or a ‘Soul’ magician?” The old man’s triangular eyes rolled and revealed a puzzled look.

The old man’s words sounded melodious to Shi Mu even though they were unkind. He became excited as he realized that he wouldn’t have to worry about the practice-resources if he became a magician.

“This isn’t the place where magic-arts-practitioners are really registered. Come with me!” Shi Mu was overwhelmed with exhilaration as he heard that he could become a magician. He started to gaze at the old man in a crazy manner.

However, the old man didn’t pay any attention to him. Instead, he walked further into the room. Then, he gently touched an ordinary looking wall; twice. A doorway as tall as a man emerged out of thin air with a light sound.

Shi Mu followed him; he was amazed as he saw the intricacy of the hidden door’s mechanism.

The passageway after crossing the secret door wasn’t long. Therefore, they soon arrived in a secret room.

The secret room wasn’t spacious; it was minimally decorated. However, the center of the floor was carved with a huge circular design with innumerable silver patterns and unknown mysterious writing. They seemed to be some sort of a chart of binding rules.

“What’s holding you up? Come on in…” The old man stood at the center of the circular design. He gazed at Shi Mu, who seemed to be observing the room. Then, he spoke in an impatient manner.

Shi Mu didn’t dare to speak anything in rebuttal; he stepped inside the circular pattern. The old man took out a yellow paper charm and flicked his wrist. Suddenly, the paper charm caught fire. Then, it left the old man’s hand and turned into a yellow ball of light; it seemed to be wrapped in a strange energy. The light-ball moved to the floor and submerged into the circular design.

“Buzz!” a buzzing sound was heard.

The silver patterns and characters that were carved on the floor seemed to have come alive. They exuded a faint trace of white light as they swirled. Shi Mu and the old man disappeared from the room as the white light rolled-up in the air.

Shi Mu felt dizzy. Then, he found himself standing in an underground hall.

The hall was made of some strange green stone that he had never seen before. The floor space was small. However, it looked quite spacious since the hall was empty. The ceiling was decorated with several luminous fist-sized pearls. These pearls illuminated the entire hall; the hall seemed as bright as day.

A towering green-jade wall stood at the center of the hall. A huge bronze incense-burner was laid-out in front of it; the shape of the incense-burner resembled a beast’s head. A purple candle – as thick as a baby’s arm – was inserted in the burner. There were grey and black remnant marks on the candle. This meant that it had been used before.

Shi Mu’s eyes fell on the huge jade wall as he surveyed the room.

The wall was filled with nearly hundred different marks; these marks had been printed from top-to-bottom. The top two marks were star-shaped, and light-red in color. The second row had eight green marks which were shaped like cloud-clusters. There were more than a hundred white luminous marks below them.

These marks were glowing; they seemed exceptionally mysterious.

These mystical marks reminded Shi Mu of what Huo Mao had told him in the Fragrant River Tavern. According to him, the Black Demon Sect had ten ‘official’ magicians. And, around a hundred ‘unofficial’ magicians at the ‘practitioner’ level.[1] This information forced him to make a guess.

“You must keep your mouth shut. And don’t look around!” The grey-robed old man spoke in a stern voice.

Shi Mu felt a chill in his heart. He lowered his eyes and stood beside the old man. The old man was satisfied as the atmosphere of the hall had become dignified. He nodded and walked-up to the burner. Then, he waved his hand above it.

“Zi!” A bright light sparked on top of the candle. Suddenly, the candle lit-up; a wisp of blue smoke could be seen curling-up.

The old man respectfully bowed to the smoke.

A star-shaped mark flashed on the top-left side of the green-jade wall; the mark exuded a red light beam. The light beam whirled above the incense-burner before it started to condense. Then, it turned into a fuzzy and virtual shadow.

Shi Mu stared at the vague silhouette with rapt attention; it turned out to be a middle-aged Confucian scholar with a long black beard.

“Master Xie!” the old man respectfully bowed in front of the fuzzy silhouette.

Notes:

Any magician is an ‘un-recognized’ magician if they can’t clear the third degree in the assessment test. They may still possess the innate talent to practice magic arts. But they aren’t worthy of the Sect’s recognition.

A magician is considered an official magician of the ‘practitioner level’ if they can cross three degrees in the assessment test conducted by the Sect. Such a person is ‘officially recognized’ for their talent by the Sect, but is still considered an ‘un-official’ magician since they are only ‘practitioner level’ magicians; not full-fledged magicians.

A magician that reaches the ‘Spirit Grade’ is considered an ‘official magician’ by the Sect. They are no longer considered as ‘practitioner’ level/ un-official.



Chapter 73: A Magician Practitioner

“Did you find a new potential disciple with magic skills in our Sect?” ‘Master Xie’ shot a glance at Shi Mu who stood behind the grey-robed man. Then, he asked lightly.

The grey-robed man shared the details of Shi Mu’s element induction-force. He also told Master Xie that Shi Mu had attained five degrees in spatial-sensing, two degrees in fire-sensing and one degree in water-sensing.

“Oh… he hit five degrees in spatial-sensing?” The Confucian scholar’s eyes flashed and a surprised look appeared on his face. He sized Shi Mu up a few times.

Shi Mu felt a chill in his heart; he lowered his head and didn’t dare to look up.

The long-bearded man’s gaze looked cold. However, it possessed an unusual force that could see through one’s body.

“What’s your name?” the long-bearded man asked after a while.

“Master Xie, this disciple’s name is Shi Mu,” Shi Mu replied respectfully.

“Induction-force at five degrees is quite rare. It’s a pity that you’ve induced five degrees in spatial-sensing. You must know that there has never been a spatial magician in our Sect… since its inception. So, it may be a little difficult to teach you. In fact, I’m feeling a little embarrassed…” the long-bearded man nodded as he said; there was a hesitant look on his face.

Shi Mu started to feel anxious as he heard this.

“Well… I give you two choices. The first one is based on your status as an ordinary magician practitioner. You may receive one magic resource as per our Sect’s regulation. But, no preferential treatment will be given to you,” the long-bearded man said after he had pondered for a while.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard the first option. However, he remained silent and waited for the long-bearded man to tell him the second option.

“The second option is that you will have to sign a magic contract… pledging to never leave the Black Demon Sect. Only then, I – the Star Grade Magician – will personally guide you in learning magic. Moreover, our Sect will provide you more resources than any ordinary magician practitioner. If your perception is good enough… then I can even consider making you my successor in the future,” the long-bearded man continued.

The grey-robed man was astonished as he heard this. He turned and looked at Shi Mu.

“If choosing the second option confines me to this Sect… then I would rather choose the first one.” Shi Mu pondered for a while. Then, he spoke without any hesitation.

The long-bearded man’s second offer seemed quite tempting. However, Shi Mu was unwilling to consider it because of its natural flaw – to sacrifice his freedom and get confined to the Black Demon Sect for the rest of his life.

What was the use of attaining formidable power if he couldn’t even enjoy his freedom?

The long-bearded man’s eyes moved; they were expressionless. He nodded and raised his hand in the direction of the stone wall. A cloud of white smoke emerged from the wall and condensed into a palm-sized circular jade ornament. Then, it flew and stopped in front of Shi Mu.

“Put a drop of your blood on it,” the long-bearded man said.

Shi Mu hesitated for a moment. But then, he cut his finger and dripped a drop of his blood on the jade ornament.

The long-bearded man pointed his finger; a beam of light shot out of it. The light-beam integrated into the jade ornament.

Suddenly, the jade ornament radiated a white light; a faint trace of red light was flowing within it. Then, some obscure characters emerged and started to swirl within the light.

A beam of red light projected from the center of the jade ornament; the red light then fused with the green stone wall.

Then, a new light-dot appeared among the hundred light-dots twinkling on the bottom of the wall.

The white light in the jade ornament faded as a luminous dot appeared on its surface. This dot started to tinkle correspondingly with the new light-dot that had emerged on the wall. Then, two small red words emerged on the surface of the jade ornament; it was Shi Mu’s name.

There was a red pattern on the other side of the jade ornament. This pattern comprised of several magic characters; it looked like a lotus flower in full bloom.

“This is your identity card as a magician in our Sect. Don’t lose it at any cost. You’ll be recognized as a magician practitioner of this Sect from now on.” The long-bearded man retracted his finger. Then, he looked at Shi Mu and spoke.

“Yes… this disciple will always keep this in mind,” Shi Mu held the jade ornament with both hands and replied respectfully.

The long-bearded man nodded. Then, he turned his gaze towards the grey-robed man.

“Well… I’ll leave the rest to you,” his eyes flickered as he said; he seemed to be tired. Then, his body started to glitter with a red light. After that, he transformed into a red light and submerged in the star-shaped mark on the green stone wall before disappearing.

The grey-robed man hurriedly replied to him. He straightened his body once the middle-aged man had disappeared.

“Follow me,” the grey-robed old man looked at Shi Mu and said. Then, he walked towards the corner of the hall.

Shi Mu ceased to examine the round jade ornament as he heard this. Then, he hurriedly followed the old man.

The old man stood beside a black wall in the hall. He whipped the wall twice with his hand. Then, he gestured to unleash a beam of white light. Subsequently, a beam of light fell on the wall.

A faint black light emerged from the wall. After that, a stone door – as tall as a person – appeared in the black wall with a clicking sound.

A faint green light also appeared in the doorway; it condensed and formed a green light shield and blocked their way.

“Use your jade ornament; it’s a key to this door. Come inside with me. But, let me warn you… you won’t be able touch anything without my permission once you enter the door. If you dare to do anything recklessly… hehe… the consequences would be severe,” the old man sneered. Then, his body flashed and disappeared into the green light.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed. He glanced at the jade ornament and placed it against the green light shield.

Suddenly, the green light shield flickered and split-up.

Shi Mu hurriedly walked through the door. He saw a dark path as he crossed the entrance.

The grey-robed old man was already there. He beckoned Shi Mu to walk further.

They walked for half-a-quarter of an hour. After that, an ordinary-sized stone chamber appeared in front of them.

The chamber looked ordinary; it was empty except for seven or eight wooden shelves which were placed in the center. Each shelf was divided into several shelves. The top rows of these shelves contained jade slips of different colors and sizes.

Each jade slip was shrouded in a small light shield which radiated multicolored rays of light.

“We store all the Magic arts of our Sect in this place. Now, you’ve become an official magician practitioner. So, you can choose one art for free as per the rules of our Sect,” the grey-robed man said.

Shi Mu was pleasantly surprised as he heard this. He nodded a few times. Then, he shifted his gaze towards the shelves.

However, he didn’t dare to rush as he remembered the old man’s warning.

“Master, may this disciple ask your honorable name?” Shi Mu asked the old man as a thought came to his mind.

“This old man is called Sun An… you can call me Master Sun,” the grey-robed old man answered in a soft voice.

Surprisingly, the old man’s tone sounded friendlier than before. Perhaps it was because Shi Mu had become an official magician practitioner of the Sect.



Chapter 74: The Art of Accumulating Spirit Power

“I can’t understand one thing; I’m thinking of asking Master Sun for his advice.” Shi Mu hesitated for a moment. Then, he clasped his hands across his chest and spoke.

“If you have a question… then ask quickly,” the old man rolled his eyes as he said.

“I saw a number of magic arts in the General Library. In fact, the number of magic arts stored in the General Library was far higher than what we have here. I wonder what might be the difference between them,” Shi Mu asked; he didn’t seem to care about the strange disposition of the old man Sun An.

The old man glanced at Shi Mu and snorted, “There’s nothing strange about it. The number of magic arts stored in the General Library is huge. But, they are ordinary arts that can be found in almost very big Sect. Even the disciples who don’t possess any element induction-force can get those arts in exchange for Flaming Demon Tokens. However, the magic arts that you can see in the Hall of Magic are quite different. These arts are fewer in quantity… but they are the essence of our Black Demon Sect. Moreover, these arts can be accessed by only those disciples whose names have been imprinted on the stones as magician practitioners.”

Shi Mu nodded as he heard these words.

“Well… enough of the superfluous words. Now, I’ll relieve the ‘ban’ on this place for a while. Hurry up… and choose the art that fits you,” the grey-robed man spoke in an impatient tone. Then, he read an incantation and wielded one of his hands.

Suddenly, a ray of light flashed in the stone chamber; the light-shield wrapped around the jade slips twinkled at the same time. Then, the radiance started to dissipate.

The old man retired to a corner in the room, and crossed his hands behind his back. Then, he looked-up at the ceiling; it seemed as if he had entered a deep state of thought.

Shi Mu’s started to breathe quickly as he looked at the pieces of the jade slips.

It was beneficial for a disciple to be able to learn an art for free before the martial arts competition.

The ordinary arts stored in the General Library could be obtained in exchange of not-less-than six Flaming Demon Tokens. But, according to old man Sun An – the value of these arts was far inferior to the magic arts stored in the Hall of Magic.[1]

Shi Mu sucked in a deep breath to regain his composure. Then, he walked to the nearest wooden shelf.

He browsed through more than two hundred magic arts in half-an-hour. He wrinkled his brows once he had finished examining all the arts.

It turned out that most of these arts were auxiliary arts that were used by the magicians to support their strength.

He held a jade slip in his hand; it bore the name – “The Art of True Fire and Magic”. The name of this art sounded quite good. However, it only boosted the effect of the pills and medicines used to refine the fire element; it could enhance the effectiveness of the medicines by several-folds.

A few slips contained the methods to simplify alchemy i.e. methods to make rare pills and cultivate several kinds of spirit-plants; a few slips comprised of the details of making a paper charm or a magic formula. Shi Mu also came across a few jade slips that described ways to make various kinds of magic tools.

There were limited arts for the magicians. He went through all these arts carefully; he found ten arts that were worth paying attention to. However, most of these arts were related to five elemental magicians. Only two arts had something to do with the training of the wind, thunder and ice magicians.

One of these arts was designed for charm and formula ‘Adept’; it was called “The Art of Accumulating Spirit Power”. This art didn’t need any special kind of element. Therefore, any magician could choose to practice it.

Shi Mu was dumbfounded; he couldn’t hide the dejected look in his eyes.

“Master Sun, the collection of magic arts stored in this hall can’t be considered as small. But, why are there only a few practicing arts? The rest of the arts are auxiliary arts; they can only be used for power enhancement.” Shi Mu rummaged through the shelves for a while. Then, he couldn’t help but ask Sun An.

“This isn’t a big deal. The magic arts are rarer than warriors’ cultivation arts or any other pill- refining art. These arts can lead you to the Star Grade level. The practice-arts in the General Library are fragmentary and low-level; they are meant for practitioner level magicians…” the grey-robed man glanced at Shi Mu as he replied in an expressionless tone.

“If that’s the case… then this disciple will choose the art named ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’,” Shi Mu picked up a grey jade slip from the shelf and said reluctantly.

“Hehe… don’t underestimate this art. It’s true that its strength and practice-speed are inferior to other practice-arts. But, it’s one of the three big magic arts in our Sect. You can reach the Moon Grade level by practicing this art. Every magician who couldn’t find any other appropriate art… mostly chose this one; no one has ever regretted it,” the old man looked at Shi Mu and said with a smiling face.

Shi Mu’s eyes gleamed with excitement as he heard this. But, he was swayed by his personal gains and losses when he thought of its slow practice-speed.

“This art has an advantage over other arts even though its practice-speed is slow. It’s far superior to other practice-arts since it commands purer and more stable magic power. I’ve rarely heard of any magician who met with an accident or suffered serious side-effect while practicing this art. Therefore, it’s suitable for Charm and Spirit grade magicians… as these magicians require the stability of magic force. By the way, you have a special condition – your spatial induction force is quite strong. So, you might be unable to practice any other art. As per your ability… this is the most suitable art for you.” The old man narrowed his eyes; as if he had seen through Shi Mu’s worries. Then, he explained with a smile.

Shi Mu was speechless; Sun An was right. However, wasn’t it true that Shi Mu would be left with only water and fire element arts – with two degrees or less of induction-force – if he didn’t choose this art?

Shi Mu let out a deep sigh. Then, he handed-over the grey slip of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’ to Sun An.

“Master Sun is right; I’ll choose this art.”

The old man received the grey slip with one hand; he took out a white jade slip from his bosom with his other hand. Then, he stuck both slips against his forehead, and started to mumble something.

The old man passed the slip to Shi Mu once he had finished recording its contents. Then, he said in an expressionless tone, “Here are the details of the first five layers of this art. They are sufficient to take you to the Spirit Grade ‘Adept’. You’ll have to go to the Holy Spirit Pavilion after you’ve left this place. There… you can claim the resources of a magician practitioner on the basis of the status of your jade ornament.”

Shi Mu couldn’t help but gawk as he heard this; he started to think – why are there just five layers in this art?

However, after thinking for a while… he thought that it was fine. After all, he was just a magician practitioner. So, how could he be able to practice all the layers up till the Moon Grade?

“It seems that I’ll have to spend numerous Flaming Demon Tokens to obtain the latter-half of this art.”

Shi Mu received the copy of the five layers while being engaged in these thoughts.

The grey-robed man gave some advice to Shi Mu; in a way similar to that of Meng Gu from the Blood Pavilion. Then, he asked Shi Mu to leave without any hesitation.

Shi Mu bowed and left the Hall of Magic with a heavy heart.

Notes:

Hall of Magic can be alternately translated as Hall of ‘Spirit’. We’re intentionally using ‘Hall of Magic’ since it will easier to relate-to the hall as a place that caters to Magicians.



Chapter 75: Spirit Power

There was no one outside the Hall of Magic as Shi Mu stepped-out of its entrance. The huge crowd of disciples – which was gathered outside the hall – seemed to have diverged.

His eyes flashed as he looked around. Then, he started to walk.

He arrived in front of a building after quarter-of-an-hour. The building seemed to be made of some kind of yellow wood. A huge horizontal board hung over its gate; it was inscribed with three words – Holy Spirit Pavilion.

The pavilion’s door was wide open. No one could be seen outside the building; there was complete silence. However, someone’s faint voice could be heard from inside.

Shi Mu raised his head. He got excited as he saw the board inscribed with ‘Holy Spirit Pavilion’. He took a deep breath, and stepped into the hall.

Suddenly, a person’s silhouette flashed past the gate; it was another person who had walked out of the hall.

Shi Mu was relatively inattentive. Therefore, he was about to bump into that person. However, he quickly controlled his feet and stopped.

Shi Mu raised his head to see a thin and tall youngster standing in front of him. He was a little taller than Shi Mu. He had a skinny stature with sunken cheeks and long limbs; like a bamboo pole.

The youngster’s physical attributes weren’t eye-catching. However, his persona exhibited a trace of astonishing strength; this couldn’t be overlooked.

Shi Mu’s countenance changed as he noticed the uniform of the youngster; he seemed to be a primary disciple. However, he seemed to be an older primary disciple with regard to his age.

Moreover, this person might have been a magician since he had showed-up at this place.

Shi Mu’s body moved aside and made way for him to pass even though his mind was occupied with these thoughts.

The scrawny youngster looked at Shi Mu in an indifferent manner. Then, he walked away with an expressionless face.

Shi Mu looked at the departing figure of the youngster for a while. Then, he entered the Holy Spirit Pavilion.

The inside of the pavilion was simply decorated. A wooden table had been placed in the front; a thirty-year-old man stood beside it with an expressionless face.

“A new magician practitioner?” the simple and inarticulate man glanced at Shi Mu and said in a soft tone.

“Yes, Senior. I’m here to receive the resources as a newly registered magician,” Shi Mu said in a courteous manner. Then, he took-out the white jade ornament from his pocket, and handed it over to the middle-aged man.

The man received the jade ornament. Then, he moved his hand, and took out a green ruler. After that, he gently whipped the ruler on the jade ornament.

Suddenly, the jade ornament exuded a beam of white light; this light flew and submerged into the ruler.

The green ruler dazzled as Shi Mu’s name emerged on its surface.

The middle-aged man nodded as he saw this. Then, he returned the jade ornament to Shi Mu.

Shi Mu arrived at his room after half-an-hour.

His face was lit-up with excitement as he closed the door. Then, he took out a small green packet from his shirt and untied it.

He opened it to find twelve Flaming Demon Tokens, a green bottle, and three crystals – one blue and two red.

Shi Mu looked at the twelve Flaming Demon Tokens.

Now, he was convinced that the resources provided to magicians were far more than the ones provided to martial warriors. These extra Flaming Demon Tokens had the power to stir-up the jealousy of several ordinary disciples. However, such a preferential treatment could only be enjoyed by those magicians whose names had been carved on the jade wall in the Hall of Magic. Surprisingly, only around a hundred names had been carved so far.

Shi Mu picked-up the green bottle. A delicate fragrance entered his nose as he opened its lid. There were three thumb-sized green pills inside the bottle.

A joyful smile spread across Shi Mu’s face.

He had seen this pill before; it was the Spirit-Strengthening Pill. It could replenish a magician’s spirit power in a fast manner. Magicians used this pill to maintain their life. Therefore, it was extremely precious.

The value of these pills would be more than one hundred thousand silvers.

Shi Mu put-away the bottle carefully. Then, he picked-up one of the crystals.

The crystal was about the size of a pigeon egg. A gentle red light was emanating out of its surface. Also, the presence of a vaguely visible airflow could be felt moving inside it.

This crystal was a spirit stone that commanded a high value in the world of magicians; the air-current flowing inside it was its refined magic power. This crystal was bright-red in color; similar to that of a blazing fire. This meant that it was the Spirit Stone of Fire – one of the five elemental stones.

The value of these spirit stones was at par with the Spirit-Strengthening Pill; even though they were the lowest-level spirit stones.

Shi Mu had seen a spirit stone for the first time. Therefore, he continued to play with them for long time before he put them away.

Every practitioner would receive these things once a year. However, they were an enormous wealth for a disciple like Shi Mu.

Shi Mu tried to control his excitement since he was aware that these things were external resources. He knew that he must rely on his own painful sessions if he were to forge his strength in an effective manner.

He took out the jade slip of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’ from his bosom, and placed it against his forehead.

Suddenly, various small characters from the jade slip began to appear in his mind. He had finished scooping the entire contents of the jade slip within quarter-of-an-hour.

He noticed that the methods to practice the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’, the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’ and the ‘Art of Breeding the Strong Evil Ape’ were widely divergent.

The ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’ involved absorbing the spiritual energy into one’s body from one’s surroundings. However, it also played a crucial role in transforming the absorbed spiritual energy into the purest form of spirit power[1]; it was more refined than Real Qi. Moreover, it needed to unify the strength of spirit power at the time of practice. It also required the induction-force of the corresponding element. In addition, it was ten times more difficult to practice than any other Hou Tian art.

According to the jade slip, each stage of the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power would double the spirit power of the practitioner. One could try to break-through to the Spirit Grade once one had accomplished all the five stages. However, even the most talented magicians needed a couple of years to master the first stage. Therefore, the ordinary magicians would take three to four years to master it; depending upon their intelligence.

It would take twice as much time to practice the second stage. This rate of time consumption would continue with each of the following stages – with an advanced stage taking twice as much time needed to practice the previous one.

Shi Mu sucked in a cold breath.

He quickly calculated and realized that even the most talented magician would take at least thirty years to master this art; even if he immersed himself in its practice.

A bitter smile spread across his face.

He finally understood the reason behind the limited number of Spirit Grade magicians in the Sect. He also realized why even the practitioner level magicians were treated so highly in the Sect.

The Art of Accumulating Spirit Power was difficult to practice. However, one could acquire skills named “Qi Bursting” and “Qi Binding” at its fourth and fifth stage respectively.

Shi Mu withdrew the jade slip from his forehead after an hour; his complexion looked gloomy.

The difficulty level to practice this art had surpassed his expectations even though the prospect of becoming a magician seemed to be bright. However, he couldn’t back down after reaching this far.

He put-away the jade slip, and closed his eyes. Then, he controlled his breath, and adjusted his mind to reach its optimal state.

He had memorized all the five stages of the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. He was convinced that he hadn’t forgotten anything as he carefully recalled every minor detail. Then, he followed the first stage of the art, and started to revolve his spirit power.

His mind got immersed in a mysterious state with the passage of time. His spirit power started to expand outside his body. The surrounding scene seemed to be reflecting in his mind even though his eyes were closed.

Shi Mu felt as if everything around him had become empty and bright. Then, numerous small light-dots started to emerge from this vacant state of nothingness, and got integrated into his body.

The luminous light-dots revolved and turned into a faint trace of refined spirit power; this spirit power started to flow through his veins and vessels.

This refined energy was so tiny that it didn’t conflict with the Real Qi within his body.

Shi Mu was ecstatic since he had learnt the method to practice this art.

Some time passed…

Shi Mu continued to sit in meditation for half-a-day. The spirit power accumulated within his body had gathered in his dantian. Then, it had transformed into a wisp of a thick stream of spirit power, and had started to revolve within his body.

Suddenly, a mutation broke-out as the wisp of spirit power reached his head.



Chapter 76: Dreamland Mutation

Shi Mu had a strange feeling as the spirit power reached his head. Suddenly, the crystal capsule vibrated and exuded an attractive force; Shi Mu had condensed this crystal capsule while practicing the Moon-Swallowing Art. That force peeled-off a wisp of spirit power from its stream. Then, it reached his mind and got integrated with the crystal capsule.

“Bang!” a loud explosion resounded.

The crystal capsule vibrated again, and broke into pieces. Then, it took the shape of a tiny and exquisite white crescent-moon.

The silver light glowing on the surface of the crescent moon began to expand. Suddenly, a portion of the crescent moon dissipated with a loud rumbling sound, and transformed into a wisp of refined spirit power. This refined spirit power converged with the thick stream of spirit power, and started to flow in Shi Mu’s meridians.

Shi Mu’s face became pale due to this sensation. He felt as if his meridians were swelling… as if they had been filled with a great force. This left him with a sense of extreme discomfort.

The wisp of spirit power – which was flowing with the crescent moon – continued to dissipate into the refined spirit power. Soon, the intensity of the circulating stream increased, and it formed a mighty current of spirit power.

Shi Mu was alarmed. He hurriedly operated the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power; he repressed his body’s discomfort in an attempt to direct this current into the right channel.

Fortunately, the mighty current of spirit power was turbulent; not wild. Therefore, it got corrected under the effect of the art, and started to flow into his dantian – where the energy should ideally be stored.

There was a light sound in Shi Mu’s mind after a while; it seemed that the last part of the crescent moon had finally turned into the refined spirit power. It was guided to converge in his dantian; the previously-occupied location of the crystal capsule had become empty.

Shi Mu opened his eyes after twelve hours. He let out a sigh; his face was beaming with excitement and joy.

He didn’t know anything about the strange change had taken place in his mind. However, he was ecstatic as he realized that he had reached the first stage of the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. Moreover, a huge amount of spirit power had got stored in his dantian; it was surprising.

He discovered that his eyesight and ability to concentrate had also been enhanced along with his spirit power. Moreover, there was an inexpressible feeling of clarity and comfort in his mind.

“What’s the matter? Why did the white crystal capsule disappear?” Initially, he was very excited. However, he knitted his eyebrows and started to ponder as he remembered something. Then, he started to practice the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power once again.

A forced smile stretched across his face after a while.

He realized that his mind didn’t have the crystal capsule anymore; it had been transformed into the white crescent-moon. So now, he could absorb the spiritual energy from the surroundings. But, it could be done only through the fixed process described by the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. Moreover, the accumulation speed of spirit power had become extremely slow.

“So… the crystal capsule… is from the Moon-Swallowing Art…” Shi Mu’s eyes flickered as he realized this.

As per his understanding, this Moon-Swallowing Art was an auxiliary method to practice magic arts.

However, he couldn’t resolve this matter completely.

A moonlit night arrived after a few days; Shi Mu had been waiting for it.

Shi Mu followed his familiar path to the open area in the valley. Then, he examined his surroundings carefully. After that, he took his usual posture, and entered into his dreamland.

He was again incarnated as a white ape on the silver boulder atop the towering cliff.

The white ape started to look at the bright moon in the sky. Suddenly, numerous white light-dots gathered in the sky, and streamed towards the ape’s golden pupils; it seemed as if they were drawn by a mysterious gravitational force.

An inexplicable sense of cool and comfort surged up, and enlivened Shi Mu’s spirits. It was followed by the milky white vortex of energy swirling inside his mind…

Shi Mu had anticipated this phenomenon since he had witnessed it several times. However, he was concerned about was the wondrous use of the Moon Swallowing Art; this art could lead him to his success.

Suddenly, his complexion changed; he discovered that the white vortex seemed to be larger in size, and was in the shape of a full circle.

How could it be so big?

He discovered that the speed of moonlight essence – flowing into his eyes as a stream of energy – had also increased. He hadn’t noticed it as it wasn’t too obvious.

He woke-up and realized that the sky was as dark as it was when he had entered the dreamland. However, dawn seemed to be approaching.

Shi Mu focused his mind, and checked the spirit power stored within his body; he was rendered speechless.

The spirit power that he had accumulated through the practice of the art was no longer there. Surprisingly, he hadn’t noticed his spirit power getting consumed-up.

Shi Mu was still sitting cross-legged on the grass in the open area. He couldn’t help, and got submerged in deep thought.

Shi Mu visited the Hall of Wealth twice in the following month. He undertook some tasks to earn money to buy more pills. He usually spent his daytime in practicing the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants and the Gale-Force Blade Art. Moreover, he entered his dreamland to practice the Moon-Swallowing Art on moonlit nights. His painstaking training and iron-coated will-power had surpassed that of an ordinary person’s.

Shi Mu succeeded in accumulating a crystal capsule in his mind after a month of assiduous training and perseverance. Surprisingly, this crystal capsule was bigger than the previous one.

The capsule once again transformed into the increased spirit power as Shi Mu practiced the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. Therefore, the spirit power in Shi Mu’s dantian increased sharply. Now, he wasn’t far from breaking through the second stage of the art.

The practice-speed of the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power had increased since he had been gifted with an auxiliary art like the Moon-Swallowing Art. This made him feel ecstatic and restless at the same time.

This practice-speed was alarming; so, there may be something dangerous lurking around.

Shi Mu spent the entire day being stuck to his bed; he continued to practice the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. However, he couldn’t find any loophole in the art; this agitated him even more.

He stood up from his bed, and grabbed the blade lying beside his bed. Then, he started to practice the Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade Art from the first stage.

His mind began to calm down as he indulged himself in the world of the blade. He could see a succession of light rolling from the blade; it looked like a lotus flower in full bloom. The sword light filled the entire room. However, it didn’t bump into anything even though the room was small.

The movements of his blade became fast with the passage of time; their accuracy increased at the same time. Shi Mu was surprised. Now, he could perform every minor detail of the art with great accuracy due to his increased sensing ability; he hadn’t been able to achieve this before. This achievement triggered the speed of his blade.

“Ha!” he sucked in a mouthful of air.

Then, he flicked his wrist, and shot a dazzling blade-light up into the air. The blade-light produced a glaring shield of blade shadows; it was similar to a layer of light-shield which spread and covered the entire space. It was like a fish trap that had blocked every escape route.

Now, he had achieved twelve cuts in one breath.

Shi Mu felt ecstatic as he realized that he had ascended a layer of his Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade Art. Now, he was just one level behind from achieving the consummate stage of this technique.

Shi Mu felt that he was sweating profusely. So, he put his blade down. However, he didn’t feel even a trace of fatigue. He stretched his body to relax his muscles. He went to bed once his Real Qi and blood had returned to their normal state. Then, he got occupied with his thoughts.

Shi Mu wanted to practice the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. However, his Blood-Strengthening pills and Bone-Tempering pills had been used-up once again. Therefore, he couldn’t proceed any further. Moreover, he didn’t have any money left with him. So, he considered going to the Hall of Wealth to take-up a task in order to earn some money.

However, the tasks meant for ordinary warrior were too time-consuming and laborious in nature. On top of that, the reward that they offered wasn’t high. Therefore, Shi Mu was reluctant to go to the Hall of Wealth and take-up any task.

However, he was a genuine magician practitioner; he had practiced till the second stage of the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. So, he could enhance his skill-set by picking-up an art of a Formula ‘Adept’. He could obtain it from the General Library in exchange for the Flaming Demon Tokens.

Shi Mu hoped that the Flaming Demon Tokens in his possession to be sufficient to obtain a suitable formula adept book.

He had planned to pick-up a Hou Tian martial art from the General Library with the six Flaming Demon Tokens that would remain with him after he had selected his Formula Adept technique. This was because a Hou Tian martial art would enhance his strength; this would be beneficial for him in the future.

He analyzed the situation, and made-up his mind. Then, he set-out towards the General Library with his Flaming Demon Tokens.



Chapter 77: The Sect’s Seasonal Matches Begin!

“He’s here again… He’s here again.”

The huge parrot inside the golden cage on the second floor of the General Library fluttered its wings in excitement as he saw Shi Mu coming-up the stairs. Then, he started to chatter loudly.

The mountain-like man was seated behind the table; he got angry as he heard the loud sounds of the parrot. Then, he started to poke the parrot’s head with a wooden stock. The parrot started to issue a strange and painful screech as it begged for mercy.

“Oh… it’s you! You haven’t showed-up since ages. So, what brought you here today? Could it be that you were unable to obtain Flaming Demon Tokens?” The fat-man stopped poking the parrot, and turned his head; he was surprised to see Shi Mu.

“Master Ju, this humble disciple went through an appraisal process a few months back. Now, this disciple has became a registered magician practitioner… So, I’ve come here to look for books on formula arts and martial arts techniques,” Shi Mu replied respectfully.

“You’ve become a registered magician practitioner?”

The fat man was taken aback as he heard Shi Mu’s words; he sized Shi Mu up from top-to-bottom.

He seemed to be startled by this news.

“So, what kind of an element has been detected?” he scratched his head as he asked.

Shi Mu didn’t conceal anything; he narrated in detail his experience in the Hall of Magic.

“Spatial attribute? So… do you intend to learn the formula arts?” The fat man knocked the table with his right index finger and straightened his back as he heard the narration. Then, he asked in a serious tone.

“Yes… this child doesn’t have many choices,” Shi Mu replied in a dejected manner.

“If that’s the case… then I would suggest you to refrain from picking a martial arts technique for now.”

“Senior… may I ask why?” Shi Mu was startled.

“Don’t panic! I suggest that you also choose a charm magic art apart from a formula art. Do you know that formula magic and charm magic are complementary to each other… and can be mutually combined to reinforce your skill? These two arts have many skills in common. And, they can enhance one’s abilities if practiced together. In fact, charm magic is a branch of formula magic. So, it would be easier to learn both of them at the same time,” the fat man twitched his mouth and explained.

“So, it means that I can learn the charm and formula magic arts together?”

Shi Mu was astonished as he heard Master Ju’s words. He had always considered the paper charm to be a mysterious magical power. Therefore, he was pleasantly surprised.

“I’m a Spirit Magician. So, I only have a little understanding of the spatial attribute. But, I’ve been working in the General Library for several years. So, I’ve given you an appropriate advice.” The fat man didn’t pay attention to Shi Mu’s curiosity. A hint of arrogance flashed across his face as he spoke these words.

“Thanks a lot, Master Ju. This child will consider this matter carefully.” Shi Mu quickly resumed his calmness. Then, he bowed to Master Ju.

“On you go!” The fat man nodded and waved his plump hand. Then, Shi Mu left.

Shi Mu spent some time to explore the row of shelves containing the magic arts.

He picked-up two secret records after a quarter-of-an-hour. Then, he resolutely appeared before the fat man.

One of the records contained methods to make charms; it was named – “The Sacred Book of Magical Charms”. The other record was an elementary book on formulas; it was named – “Comprehensive Introduction to Formula Arts”.

The fat man didn’t say anything. He took the records and twelve Flaming Demon Tokens from Shi Mu. Then, he pulled-out two jade slips, and started to copy the contents on them.

Shi Mu received the jade slips, and put them into his bosom. Then, he bowed to Master Ju, and extended his sincere gratitude towards him. He left the General Library in high spirits; he wanted to go back to his room so he could start reading the slips.

However, he came across something unusual on his way back home. Shi Mu was surprised as he heard a faint commotion in the valley. Then, he saw a few primary disciples hurriedly heading out of the valley; they looked extremely enthusiastic. They seemed to be discussing something in a low voice.

Several primary disciples were carrying swords and other weapons; their faces were blazing with eagerness for a challenge.

Shi Mu’s brows wrinkled. Then, a bitter smile spread across his face.

He wasn’t aware of the situation in the valley since he had been busy with his closed-door practice for the last month. But, it seemed to him that something very important was about to take place.

“Brother Shi!” Shi Mu was about to ask someone when he heard a familiar voice. Then, a sturdy youngster strode-over; he was none other than Huo Mao.

He was dressed in a black uniform. Two double-edged axes were hung over his shoulder. The heavy axes seemed to be adding to his big stature.

“Brother Huo!” Shi Mu’s face beamed with happiness as he saw a familiar face. Then, he moved forward to greet him.

“Haha… it’s rare to see you wandering outside. What’s the matter? Brother Shi has been going through such a painstaking training. So, is he interested in displaying his strength in the upcoming competition?” Huo Mao said with a smile.

“Competition?” Shi Mu wrinkled his eyebrows as he understood the reason behind the commotion.

It had been mentioned in the primary disciples’ handbook that matches would be conducted every three months. Shi Mu realized that it had been three months since he had entered the Sect. However, he had forgotten about this matter since he had completely immersed himself in his training.

“Don’t tell me that you had forgotten about the competition…” Huo Mao couldn’t help but laugh as he saw Shi Mu’s expressions.

Shi Mu faced Huo Mao, and clasped his hands across his chest. He then said, “I see that I made Brother Huo laugh. But, I’ve been truly careless to be honest…”

Huo Mao didn’t mean to ridicule him. He laughed as he said, “That’s normal. In fact, this explains that you were practicing very earnestly. Moreover, I’ve heard from Bai Shi that your fist’s strength is mind blowing… and that you excel in the blade art as well. And, you must’ve cultivated your Real Qi by now. So, your strength should’ve progressed magnificently. You can achieve a remarkable position in this competition with your strength. After all, these matches pay high rewards; even though they are small in scale.”

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard this; he then nodded.

Shi Mu strained his mind, and remembered the details about the competition and rewards written in the handbook. It was indeed a great bonus for primary disciples like him.

“You can come with me to the match venue. Bai Shi and the other disciples are already headed there. Brother Bai’s strength has greatly progressed since he had joined the Holy Spirit Association. I think that he’s going to exhibit a splendid performance in this match,” Huo Mao said in a subtle tone.

“Can Brother Huo wait a moment for me? I’ll be back with my weapons,” Shi Mu said after pondering for a while.

“Hehe… sure, Brother Shi. Take your time,” Huo Mao replied with a smile.

Shi Mu nodded and started to walk towards his room.

A hint of a strange look flashed in Huo Mao’s eyes as he saw his receding figure.

Suddenly, a person’s shadow appeared and stood beside Huo Mao; it was the golden-haired youth – Jin Huan of the Holy Spirit Association.

“Brother Jin…” Huo Mao greeted him respectfully.

“I see… you’ve done a great job. I’ve known Shi Mu to be a loner; he barely exchanges words with anyone. But, I can see that he’s very comfortable around you,” Jin Huan said in a light tone as he looked at Shi Mu’s receding figure.



Chapter 78: Rules

“Brother Jin, why are you so interested in Shi Mu? He’s very strong… but I don’t think that he’s worthy of so much of your attention… right?” Huo Mao asked in a flattering tone.

“You don’t know anything. He looks like an ordinary person, but I know that he had secretly participated in the talent test of the Hall of Magic a month ago. He passed the test… and he’s an official magician-practitioner now. And, it’s been reported that his talent is extraordinary,” Jin Huan’s eyes flashed as he spoke.

“Magic skills?”

Huo Mao was taken aback.

“The word about this matter hasn’t spread yet; other groups don’t know about it. So, we – the Holy Spirit Association – should take advantage of this opportunity; we should try to find a way to pull this person into our group,” Jin Huan spoke in a whispering tone.

Huo Mao nodded in agreement as he understood Jin Huan’s plan.

“Fortunately, Shi Mu is familiar with only a few people in our Sect. Interestingly, all these people are connected to us. It’s great that you are on good terms with him. But, we have to make sure that no other group can take him even if we fail to draw him into our group,” Jin Huan devised after a thought.

“Yes. I request Brother Jin to feel relieved… and leave the rest to me,” Huo Mao nodded as he replied.

Jin Huan gave a nod, and exchanged a few more words with Huo Mao. Then, he departed.

Huo Mao felt relived as he gazed at Jin Huan’s receding figure. Then, he noticed Shi Mu emerge from the valley; he held a steel blade in his hand… casually so.

Huo Mao forced a smile on his face, and strode forward to meet him.

Huo Mao and Shi Mu arrived at the valley between the eleventh and twelfth mountain peaks.

A circular plaza with an area of 30,000 square meters was situated in the midst of the valley’s trees. Ten rings had been arranged in the plaza.

The plaza was crowded with more than a thousand disciples. The black-attired disciples were gathered around the ten rings. The loud noise of their chatter resounded endlessly.

Shi Mu possessed incredible eyesight. So, he could see the competing disciples in the ten rings even before entering the place. He could also see the disciple who stood on the side of each of the rings. These disciples wore the uniform of the Black Demon Sect; the word ‘junior’ was embroidered on the cuff of one of their sleeves.

These junior disciples seemed to be the referees of the matches.

The sound of the cheering of the surrounding people was bursting out of the plaza; the atmosphere had become extremely fervent.

This enthusiastic atmosphere didn’t leave Shi Mu unaffected; he became eager to take part in the competition, and decided to put his strength to test.

“This small competition is organized every three months for the primary disciples. Disciples of higher ranks don’t participate in these matches. The main goal of this competition is to determine the ranking of the primary disciples. It can be considered to be a warm-up before the annual competition,” Huo Mao stretched his finger, and pointed at a figure as he spoke.

Shi Mu’s eyes followed the direction of Huo Mao’s finger; he saw a several feet high gigantic black stone monument that towered on the other side of the plaza. The entire surface of the monument was covered with small silver characters.

Shi Mu focused his spirit power in his eyes. And, he could clearly read the silver characters written on the monument; even though they were hundreds of meters away. These words were the name of the participants.

Shi Mu became curious when he saw this. He thought that it was the first time that he had seen the ranks for the primary disciples.

The names of the participants twinkled with a silvery light. The topmost name was ‘Duan Qian Li’; it was followed by several people’s names.

“Can Brother Shi read the names on the monument from here?” Huo Mao asked; he was astonished since he saw Shi Mu looking eagerly at the stone monument.

“My eyesight has always been better than ordinary people. So, I can read the names on the monument vaguely. But, they would appear clearer once I get a little closer to the monument,” Shi Mu chuckled as he explained.

They chatted as they entered the plaza. Huo Mao pushed through the crowd as he led the way. Then, they finally arrived at the stone monument.

Hundreds of disciples had already gathered around the monument. Most of them were primary disciples who had entered the Sect with Shi Mu.

Shi Mu raised his eyebrows as he noticed Lan Feng; she was surrounded by several disciples. And, she looked extremely confident. She seemed to have made good progress in the Blood Dragon Gang.

She had become a popular and influential figure among the new disciples. The surrounding people looked at her every-now-and-then as they discussed about her in whispers.

Shi Mu glanced at her, and then turned his eyes towards the stone monument.

“Does Brother Huo know the person named Duan Qian Li… whose name has been written at the top of the monument?” Shi Mu narrowed his eyes as he looked at the topmost name on the stone monument.

“Brother Duan? He’s a mysterious guy; he seldom makes a public appearance. I haven’t seen him many times… but I heard that he had made his breakthrough to the Hou Tian middle stage in the last annual competition. It’s reported that he is a wind element magician-practitioner,” Huo Mao replied after a thought.

“He cultivates both the magic and martial arts at the same time?” Shi Mu felt a chill in his heart. He had never thought that his situation would be similar to a guy who holds the first rank among the primary disciples.

It seemed that one’s strength could significantly increase… if one’s martial arts techniques and magic arts were synchronized in an appropriate way.

“Our Sect arranges a Xian Tian level expert and a few junior disciples to organize, and judge these matches. But, it seems that the Xian Tian master hasn’t yet arrived,” Huo Mao looked at the platform near the stone monument, and noticed an empty purple wooden seat.

“Brother Huo, I’ve entered this Sect very recently. So, I’m not familiar with the rules of these matches. Can you please enlighten me?” Shi Mu pondered for a moment, and asked.

“Hehe… Certainly! You know that there are a large number of primary disciples in our Sect. Now, the old primary disciples have come to know each other pretty well during the previous year. So, they don’t challenge each other unless they are confident. So, the rules of the competition are simple… The first day of the competition is reserved for the new primary disciples… they are to challenge each other. The next day involves the new primary disciples challenging the old primary disciples. The third day is fixed for challenges among the old primary disciples. There’s no limitation on the number of arts and weapons that one can use in this competition. But, there shouldn’t be a threat to the life of one’s opponent. So, the strongest person wins…” Huo Mao explained the rules of the competition in detail.

“Ah… so, that’s how it is…” Shi Mu nodded.

“It’s nothing… Brother Shi, you don’t have to be so formal. Well… as per my understanding… our Sect has enrolled four groups of new disciples this year; your group is one of them. So, there should be around 300-400 primary disciples. Today is the first day of the competition. So, I might get to see you in the ring…” Huo Mao beckoned with his hand and said as a thought crossed his mind.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s eyes fell on the bottom of the stone monument. He saw several hundred names written in red color; they had been separated from the silver names. He noticed that his name was among the last 100 names; these names seemed to belong to the new disciples.

“Brother Shi, those who defeat the old disciples in the second days’ matches would be upgraded in rank… and gain a handsome reward… But, I suggest that you don’t think of challenging the old disciples… Everyone knows that the new disciples don’t have any chance of a victory against them. Anyways, I’ve heard that Brother Shi is extremely strong. But, you must remain cautious throughout the fight. If you wish to gain any advantage out of these matches — focus on defeating your own peers to hit a good rank. You must know that our Sect rewards the top ten new primary disciples,” Huo Mao said.

“Thanks for the advice, Brother Huo.” Shi Mu nodded with clasped hands as he pondered over Huo Mao’s words.

“Haha… Brother Shi, you don’t need to be polite…. just consider my words as wise remarks,” Huo Mao laughed.



Chapter 79: Observing the Matches

Shi Mu consulted about a few more matters related to the competition. Then, he bid his farewell to Huo Mao. After that, he turned around and advanced towards the rings.

Huo Mao sighed as he watched Shi Mu’s figure recede. Then, he turned around and left as well.

The competition in the ten rings grew more intense with the passage of time.

The new disciples had been exempted for one year from the challenges of others. Moreover, they were free to abstain from participating in this quarterly competition. But, most of them wanted to try their skills in these matches. After all, a newborn calf has no fear of the tiger. In addition, the new disciples had made tremendous progress after joining the Sect. So, they were eager to display their strength.

Shi Mu was cautious. He decided that he won’t make a rash challenge. So, he wandered around the rings, and observed the fights.

The fact was that Shi Mu only knew the disciples who had entered the Sect with him. However, he knew nothing about the rest of the 300-400 disciples.

Shi Mu noticed a tall and sturdy young man fighting with a green-haired youth in the fifth ring. Both youngsters held long swords; they seemed to be Hou Tian primary stage warriors.

The tall youth’s sword art was simple yet fierce. His sword set-off a strong sword-wind as he poured his Real Qi into it. The wind produced by his sword started to spread chill in the air; it was even felt by the people who stood dozens of meters away from the ring.

However, the youth with green hair didn’t seem to be affected by this attack; his body swayed in the air like a willow leaf. He conveniently dodged the attacks made by the opponent’s swift and fierce sword.

Then, he waved his sword to launch his counterattack. His sword art seemed strange; his counterattack was a simple thrust at his opponent. However, its speed was extremely fast. A black trace of shadows would appear in the air every time he attacked. The tall youth was thrown into confusion as he tried to hold against the fast strikes of the opponent’s sword.

The bilateral situation changed after a while.

The green-haired youth strolled around the ring as he gracefully thrust his sword at his opponent. However, the tall youth seemed to be gasping for breath due to the excessive use of his Real Qi. His exhaustion seemed to have affected his sword’s movement, which had become slow and sluggish.

Suddenly, the green-haired youth’s eyes sparked as he waved his sword. Then, his body shot forward towards his opponent – like an arrow leaving the bowstring. Then, he swooped down on his prey with his sharp sword.

A trace of a faint golden light shrouded the edge of his sword. Then, it exploded into a dozen of golden sword shadows.

“Bang!” a loud sound resounded.

The tall youth couldn’t resist this attack even though he responded fast and swung his sword. His efforts went in vain, and a massive invisible force lifted him off the ground. His back bumped against the ground as he was thrown out of the ring; upside-down.

The tall youth struggled, but couldn’t get up. Blood started to gush out of his wounds. It wasn’t clear how many times he had been stabbed; he was badly injured. His wounds didn’t seem to be life-threatening. However, his condition would render him bedridden for at least half-a-month.

Then, a few black-robed janitor disciples rushed out from the crowd, and took him away for treatment. Meanwhile, the junior disciple – the ring referee – announced the green-haired youth as the winner of the match.

The surrounding disciples burst into a roar. Then, they started to discuss the sword art that the green-haired youth had displayed.

However, Shi Mu stood silently and focused his eyes on the green-haired youth. The green-haired youth stepped-down from the ring. His eyes sparkled as he turned around and left.

A young man and a girl were fighting in the seventh ring; both were empty-handed.

The young man seemed to have practiced a mysterious martial arts; his hands were wrapped in a layer of bright white light. From afar… the youth’s hands seemed to be made up of precious jade.

He clasped his hands to make a palm knife, and fluttered it up and down. This quick movement raised a strong gust of wind which dashed toward the girl.

The girl wasn’t dressed in the Sect’s uniform; she wore tight-fitted blue-colored clothing. She seemed small and fragile under the fierce attack of her opponent’s fists. However, she was displaying an extremely fierce art; it was called ‘The Fist of the Heavenly Eagle’. She curled-up her fingers in the shape of a hook as she took the youth’s fists.

Suddenly, a series of dull-thumping sound reverberated.

Their fight grew more and more intense with each passing moment.

However, the two of them seemed to have reached a stalemate as they collided and staggered back a few steps; they seemed to be extremely exhausted.

A murderous look flashed in the youth’s eyes as he stomped his foot on the ground. This halted the backward motion of his body. Then, he shot forward like a bullet, and clasped his jade-like palms together. Then, he threw a fist in the direction of the blue-attired girl; his fist appeared like a white jade hammer.

A pair of arms with bulging muscles was revealed as the youth’s sleeves burst open with the force of the movement.

The girl narrowed her eyes and let out a loud shout as she felt the heavy palm wind against her face. Her hands curled-up at the same time, and emitted a faint red light. Then, the red light condensed and left behind ten dark-red fingers – as sharp as thorns.

An ear-piercing sound was heard as she waved her hands. Her hands moved forward – like a flood dragon rushing out of its lair – to deal with the youth’s attack, and were followed by after-images.

The two figures twisted together, and were thrown back by the fierce collision.

The youth’s complexion turned pale as he staggered a few steps backwards. Five blood-dripping holes had appeared on his shoulders; his arms looked soft and droopy. It seemed that he couldn’t make a move anymore.

The girl’s complexion also looked pale; she was breathing heavily. However, she didn’t seem to be hurt.

The outcome of this match was pretty obvious.

The corners of Shi Mu’s eyes twitched as he saw this. He couldn’t help but look at the girl. He started to think about the approach to deal with her attacks.

Two people were involved in an intense fight in the first ring. One of them held a long sword in his hand; the other was bare-handed.

Both were moving at an incredibly fast speed. They were wielding their sword and palm by drawing support from their Real Qi. The sword and palm were occasionally setting-off strong winds that were making the air swirl around them.

The surrounding people were watching this duel with utmost concentration. A few tongue-clicking sounds could be heard every now-and-then in admiration.

Shi Mu was watching the match carefully as well. Suddenly, he shook his head and turned around to leave.

The two youngsters seemed to be fighting intensely on the ring. However, their match seemed more like a show. Both looked extremely flashy. Moreover, their fast speed was hampering their potential; it was making their striking power insufficient. So, the outcome of the match couldn’t be determined for a long time as none of them seemed to be striking to defeat his opponent.

Shi Mu got a general impression of the average strength of the new primary disciples after he had watched a few matches. Moreover, he had overheard people’s conversation, and had noted the names of the opponents worthy of his attention.

His acquaintances like Bai Shi, Xiao Ming, Lan Feng and a few others had successfully streaked across several rings. They had won several matches, and had stood-out among others. This had added to their popularity.

Shi Mu had seen Bai Shi’s match. Bai Shi had taken only a couple-of-seconds to crush his opponent. This proved that he had achieved significant progress since he had joined the Holy Spirit Association.

Shi Mu sucked in a deep breath. Then, he looked around and concentrated on the nearby ring.

A match had just ended in that ring; a junior disciple was busy in making arrangements for the next competition.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he quickened his steps.

The ranks of the new disciples continued to change on the black stone monument along with the outcome of the matches. This stone monument wasn’t an ordinary stone; the names were automatically upgrading and dropping from time to time. It was a mystical sight.

Nearly half-of-the-day was over. Many strong disciples had outshone the others in this duration.

Bai Shi, Ou Yang Ming, Lan Feng… these were a few of the many names that had climbed to the top of the new disciples’ ranking.

Some old disciples gathered near the black monument, and got immersed in a heated conversation.

All of them were old primary disciples. Several old disciples had come to watch the new disciples’ matches. After all, they were supposed to be challenged by these disciples on the next day.

“I’ve discovered a few promising guys amongst the new disciples. The best of them is a person named Bai Shi; he’s really good. I watched some of his matches. He practices a fire art called the Yang Gong Art. He seems to have a profound control over his art,” a black-robed youth looked at the stone monument as he said.



Chapter 80: Challenge

“Oh! Can this boy… Bai Shi… pose a threat to us?” An obese youth was standing next to the black-robed youth. A faint trace of cold light flickered in his eyes as he asked with a smile.

“How’s that possible?” the black-robed youth sneered as he proudly asked.

“By the way, I’ve heard that there’s a practitioner magician among this group of new disciples. Is this true?” The obese youth’s eyes flickered as if he thought of something.

“Yes, I’ve also heard about it. It seems to be true. There’s a rumor that there’s a good practitioner magician in this group of new disciples; he has a decent grasp on the fire element magic arts. He has been recruited by the Holy Spirit Association,” the black-robed youth nodded as he spoke.

The obese youth wrinkled his brows as he heard this; a trace of hesitation flashed through his eyes.

The art that he practiced was overbearing. However, it could be repelled by a magic art. Therefore, there were chances of him getting in trouble if he were to bump into this ‘fire element’ magician the next day.

“Wow! A brave person showed-up again.” The black-robed youth’s vision flashed as it fell on the black stone monument. He was looking at a name that was written in red. It was quickly ascending from the bottom position to the top-thirty.

It was the first day of the competition. According to the rules of the ring elimination system — only the new primary disciples could challenge each other. The disciples below the rank of hundred could challenge anyone of a higher rank – as long as there was a gap of fifty ranks between them. The scope of challenge was reduced when someone entered the top-hundred ranks. The opposition would be treated as failed if he were to get defeated or had declined to fight. Moreover, he would lose the right to challenge anyone. He would also lose the right to challenge the old disciples on the next day.

The new primary disciples who had the potential to enter the top-thirty were signified as the ‘outstanding people’ of the group. These disciples were able to pique the interest of the old primary disciples.

“Shi Mu… I didn’t know that there was such an outstanding new disciple…” the obese youth knitted his brows, and said as he heard this name.

Inside a ring…

Shi Mu wielded his steel blade. Suddenly, nine blade shadows emerged out of it, and dashed toward his opponent… who was trying to resist the shadows with a pair of swords.

The complexion of the youth with the two swords changed as he saw this. He started to rapidly wave his swords in an attempt to make a shield in front of him.

Multiple sounds could be heard as their weapons clashed…

The double-sword youth couldn’t resist the attack of the nine blade shadows. He was forced back a few steps. Moreover, his arms were struck by the force of the blades; they went numb. They started to ache; so much so that he couldn’t hold the swords’ hilt.

Shi Mu didn’t wait for the youth to recover. His figure flashed and appeared before his opponent. Shi Mu punched the youth in his chest before the youngster could understand anything.

The youth had noticed Shi Mu’s movement. However, he couldn’t dodge the punch as his reaction had been too slow owing to the pain and numbness in his arms.

“Bang” a loud sound was heard…

Shi Mu had hit the youth with extreme force. Therefore, the youth’s body was lifted off the ground, and was thrown out of the ring… upside-down. He bumped against the ground, and rolled in pain. Then, he spouted a mouthful of blood, and lost his consciousness.

“The winner is Shi Mu!”

The bearded junior disciple – the referee of the ring – was dumbfounded as he saw this. He gaped at Shi Mu for a while. Then, he raised his voice and announced the result.

Shi Mu slipped the steel blade into the sheath with an expressionless face.

He was at the first stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. However, he had combined his extraordinary inborn strength with his Real Qi, and his advanced Wind-Blowing Blade Art and Stone-Breaking Fist. Therefore, he had enough strength to defeat the majority of his peers.

In addition, Shi Mu had chosen the opponents who possessed good speed.

However, his opponents couldn’t take an advantage because of his powerful eyesight.

Shi Mu turned his head, and looked at the stone monument.

The name of the disciple that he had defeated was Su Mu Bai. Su Mu Bai was a new disciple like Shi Mu. However, he was known to be one of the most powerful disciples among the new group; he was ranked 17. However, his position was replaced by Shi Mu after this match.

The surrounding disciples were astonished as they saw this; the entire plaza was filled with tumultuous uproar.

Shi Mu’s victory had caused a huge uproar as he had never been in the limelight – except for the first day when he had fought with Qu Kun. He had been busy with closed-door practice since the last three months. So, even the new primary disciples had almost forgotten him. Therefore, everyone was shocked when he showed-up with his supernatural strength, and entered the top twenty ranks.

“It seems like this boy – Shi Mu — has never revealed his true strength in public. Otherwise, the other new disciples wouldn’t have been so surprised.” Some old disciples had been watching Shi Mu’s match from a distance. One of them spoke since they found Shi Mu’s face to be unfamiliar.

“Every time we hold these competitions… a couple of such guys emerge out-of-nowhere with their remarkable talent… But, this person’s strength isn’t at an ordinary level. His blade art seems to be a ‘martial disciple’ level martial arts… but he has reached a high level in this art. Moreover, I think that he has got something else up his sleeve,” another old disciple said with a trace of curiosity in his eyes.

Meanwhile, Shi Mu walked down the ring and advanced towards another.

An extremely exhausted and wounded person was thrown off the fifth ring. He looked miserable – his shirt was tattered, and his face was tainted by blood.

A thin and tall youth was standing in the ring with calm expression; it seemed as if he hadn’t been affected by the match.

He held a long black whip in his hand. Suddenly, he flickered his wrist. Then, the whip retracted and wrapped itself around his waist.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he observed the movements of the thin youth. It seemed – from the way that he used the long whip – that he was good with soft weapons.

He was one of the emerging figures among the new disciples. His name was Ruan Zhi; he was ranked ninth among the new disciples. He had defeated seven or eight challengers with only five strokes.

Shi Mu’s eyes flickered as he advanced towards the ring without any hesitation.

“My name is Shi Mu. I would like to challenge Your Excellency,” Shi Mu challenged him in a low voice.

The audience broke into an uproar as they saw this.

Shi Mu had occupied seventeenth rank in the competition by now. Therefore, he had attracted the attention of several people. The audience was excited as they were about to witness a match between two high-ranked disciples.

The referee of this ring was a junior disciple with sunken cheeks. Traces of a cold expression emerged in his eyes as he saw Shi Mu challenge Ruan Zi.

“Well… I’d like to see if your blade art is fiercer than my whip.” Ruan Zhi seemed to be aware of Shi Mu’s strength. He sized Shi Mu up from head-to-toe. Then, he spoke in a dignified tone.

After that, he narrowed his eyes, and started to focus his vision.

“Competition begins!”

Shi Mu shot towards Ruan Zhi as soon as he heard the referee’s voice. His steel blade flashed and exuded nine blade shadows towards his opponent.

Ruan Zhi’s eyes revealed a trace of fear as he saw this; he hadn’t expected that Shi Mu’s actions would be so quick.

However, he wasn’t inexperienced either. Suddenly, he pushed his Real Qi into the whip with a low shout. The whip made a beautiful arc in the air, and transformed into nine whip shadows. His nine whip-shadows blocked the nine blade-shadows in midair. The sudden clash set-off an explosion in the air, and airwaves were sent rippling in all directions.

A sharp ‘whiz’ sound was heard.

His long whip whizzed out – like a poisonous viper leaving its hole. It penetrated through the air with an unstoppable momentum, and dashed toward Shi Mu’s chest like a long pole.



Chapter 81: Enters the Top-Ten

Shi Mu confronted the approaching whip head-on since he had expected this kind of an attack. He quickly inclined his body towards the left, and dodged the whip’s thrust. Then, he launched his counter-attack by producing ten cuts in one breath with his blade. Each of the cuts emitted-out cold light, and produced blade-shadows. These ten blade-shadows roared towards Ruan Zhi.

Ruan Zhi’s complexion changed as he saw this. But, it didn’t affect his mind. He quickly responded by flicking his wrist. His long whip swayed in air, and formed a black net in front of his body; like a spider’s web. The black whip-net acted as a shield to protect his body.

Shi Mu sneered as he saw this. But, he didn’t slow down his blade.

Bang!

The ten blade-shadows crashed against the black whip-net with an ear-piercing sound. The collision transferred a huge jolt to the net shield. Then, the blade shadows disappeared.

Shi Mu’s eyes glared. His Real Qi surged within his body, and streamed into his blade.

His steel blade trembled as it issued a faint droning sound with a white ray of light.

“Ha!”

Shi Mu let out a loud shout as he wielded his blade with both hands, and launched numerous cuts.

The steel blade dazzled brightly. Then, eleven blade-shadows emerged along with eleven cuts.

“Eleven cuts in one breath! This boy had concealed his true strength. No wonder Brother Qu couldn’t beat him.” The trace of a strange look flashed through the eyes of the slim-faced junior referee as he saw this.

Ruan Zhi was alarmed; his complexion turned pale. He couldn’t resist the overwhelming wave of Shi Mu’s fierce attacks. The only thing he could do was to wield his whip in an attempt to resist the blows. However, he couldn’t make a counter-attack as he didn’t find any gap in Shi Mu’s attack; bean-sized beads of sweat started to appear on his forehead.

“Bang” a loud sound was heard.

The black whip-net was chopped down into pieces with a loud explosion. Moreover, the long black whip snapped into several fragments; only a short handle was left in Ruan Zhi’s hand. Ruan Zhi hadn’t even recovered from the shock when another attack of eleven blade shadows came towards him. His body would be cut into several pieces if he didn’t respond at once!

Suddenly, a person’s tall figure flashed and appeared in front of Ruan Zhi to block the attack. It was the referee – the junior disciple with sunken cheeks.

He waved his sleeve, and a short silver spear appeared in his hand to counter the blade’s shadows.

The tip of the spear trembled as an invisible airwave erupted out of it. The eleven blade shadows vanquished with a dull thumping sound.

Shi Mu was startled. Suddenly, a huge force travelled through his blade and infiltrated his body; he was overwhelmed with discomfort. But, the force stopped once it had passed through his arm. Shi Mu steadied himself. However, his complexion looked ghastly pale.

“Boy… if you want to disregard the customs of our Sect… and want to put somebody’s life in danger… then you can tell Luo Yun Ji. My spear will comply.” The slim-faced youth took back his spear with a slight turn of his palm. There was a hint of astonishment in his eyes even though he was blurting-out harsh words.

The fact was that Su Mu Bai – whom Shi Mu had defeated earlier – was related to Luo Yun Ji. Moreover, Luo Yun Ji had been expecting him to enter the top ten ranks of the new disciples. However, he was eliminated by Shi Mu. This made Luo Yun Ji unhappy and agitated; he started to harbor a secret grudge against Shi Mu. Therefore, he had hit Shi Mu with full force since he had come across a good opportunity.

He was a late-stage Hou Tian warrior. So, he had thought that his Hou Tian strength will cause serious invisible injuries to Shi Mu. But, he hadn’t anticipated that Shi Mu would withstand his attack in such a calm manner.

“I couldn’t stop myself. I’m begging senior apprentice to forgive me.” Shi Mu’s vision flashed as he withdrew his steel blade. Then, he cupped his hands across his chest and spoke in an apologetic tone.

Luo Yun Ji looked at Shi Mu in a cold manner, but he remained silent. Then, he walked to the other side of the ring.

He couldn’t take any other action against Shi Mu in front of the audience.

Ruan Zhi looked at Shi Mu for a while. Then, he tossed-off the whip-handle and walked down the ring.

“The winner is Shi Mu!”

Suddenly, the surrounding people jolted out of their dream-like state, and burst into cheers.

Shi Mu had gained a magnificent victory with his neat cuts and incredible skills; it was devoid of any irrational movements. Moreover, he had filled the air with a murderous spirit. Therefore, the people had become silent.

Nobody dared to challenge Shi Mu for a long time; the match had left a huge impression on everyone’s mind.

Shi Mu didn’t have any intention to challenge anyone because the reward for top ten new disciples was more or less the same. Moreover, he didn’t want to be in spotlight for long.

He was challenged two more times by the end of the day. He won both the matches with flying colors, and bagged the ninth rank.

Meanwhile, Lan Feng and Bai Shi grabbed the fifth and seventh ranks respectively.

Even Xiao Ming displayed remarkable magic skills. However, matches between magicians and martial warriors encountered several constraints. But, he still grabbed the twenty-seventh rank; he had forced his way into the top ten-percent of the new disciples.

The next day…

It was barely dawn when Shi Mu arrived at the circular plaza with his steel blade in tow.

He was surprised to see that Bai Shi and Lan Feng had already arrived. Both of them were separately surrounded by a huge crowd on either side of the black stone monument.

Bai Shi and Xiao Ming seemed to be discussing something.

Bai Shi had become famous for being a loyal person — apart from his extraordinary martial arts skills. He had started to command even more respect after he had joined the Holy Spirit Association. Moreover, his extraordinary performance on the first day of the competition had towed him up to the top-ten ranks. This had uplifted his reputation even further.

“Brother Shi, you’re also here! You amazed us with your brilliant performance.” Bai Shi greeted Shi Mu with a smile. Huo Mao and Xiao Ming also welcomed him with a smile.

“Brother Bai, you’re flattering me. I’m an ordinary person with a brutal strength; I’m nothing in your comparison,” Shi Mu waved his hand as he replied.

A few people walked over to Huo Mao who was dressed in a different manner; he wore a suit that complimented his sturdy physique.

“Brother Huo, are you going to participate in today’s competition?” Shi Mu and others turned to look at Huo Mao. Bai Shi noticed that he was holding a huge double-edged axe in his hand. So, he couldn’t help and asked.

“Yes. If you guys want to challenge me… don’t blame me for not considering our friendship.” Huo Mao raised his axe as he replied with a smile.

The three of them looked at each other in dismay.

Suddenly, Bai Shi broke into a laugh as he took the initiative to brush away the tension. Then, he introduced a new topic of discussion. Soon, they started to discuss the previous day’s competition.

The top-five rank holders surfaced several times in their discussion. Except for Lan Feng, all the top-five rank holders were old primary disciples who had entered the Sect before the new disciples.

Soon, the plaza was overflowing with people. The number of the disciples present was more than that of the previous day’s since all the old primary disciples had showed-up.

More than two-hundred new disciples were present at the plaza. But, only the top-thirty new disciples could hope to challenge the old primary disciples.

After all, the old disciples had been practicing the Hou Tian arts for a year longer than the new disciples. So, any low-ranking new disciple would be asking for humiliation if he or she were to challenge the old disciples. However, there were many people who didn’t believe this theory, and wanted to give it a try.

According to Huo Mao – the previous matches had proved that even the top-ten new disciples had a very small chance of victory against the old disciples.

The second day was reserved for the new disciples’ challenges to the older disciples. However, the matches wouldn’t be as intense as the first and third day. Moreover, the number of matches on the second day would be far less than the first day.

It was late morning.

The clatters of gongs and drums, along with the announcement of the second day of the competition, had officially commenced. The droning sound of the crowd fell silent for a moment when that happened. Then, they started to exclaim in loud voices.



Chapter 82: Crushing Defeats

Each of the ten rings had been occupied by an old disciple. But, none of the new disciples could dare to challenge them. So, the clamoring noise of the surrounding people had subsided; there was complete silence.

Shi Mu was dumbfounded at the sight of this.

He had seen several new disciples who were desperate to fight a moment ago; their eyes had been sparkling with an eagerness to test their strength. But now, they seemed to be waiting for a courageous person to challenge an old disciple so that they could learn from another person’s mistakes before setting their own foot in the ring.

Shi Mu’s heart skipped a beat as he saw an anxious look on Bai Shi and Xiao Ming’s faces. He was about to say something when a voice resounded, “New disciples… listen up. Today’s competition would be considered as over if nobody steps out to challenge an old disciple within half-an-hour.”

Nobody had taken note when a white-haired old man with droopy eyes had appeared on the platform near the black stone monument; the same monument where the ranks of the primary disciples were recorded. Now, he could be seen sitting languidly on a purple wooden chair; he held a liquor bottle in his hand.

His voice wasn’t loud. But, everyone in the plaza could hear it as it reverberated in all directions.

The audience became excited as they heard his words; a droning sound of the new disciples’ discussions and whispers was spread all around. However, most of the noises stemmed from the ridiculing laughter and sneering of the old disciples.

“I’ll go!”

A loud shout exploded nearby Shi Mu and the other new disciples.

A person’s silhouette emerged from the crowd; his arms were spread-out like a big bird’s wings. Suddenly, he flew from the ground and took a quick turn midair. Then, he landed in the center of the ring.

“My name is Kang Yong; I’d like to challenge Senior Jing Han — rank 1342,” the person cupped his hands across his chest as he looked towards the junior referee, and said respectfully.

The rank 1342 was the lowest rank in the old primary disciples’ ranking list. The surrounding people broke into a discussion as they understood the situation. Their chatter and whispers gave rise to the clamoring sounds once again.

Shi Mu gazed at the youth; he had bright and vivid eyes. His sturdy body was blazing with explosive strength; he didn’t look like an ordinary person.

“Kang Yong? This name sounds familiar.”

Shi Mu recalled that this person was the twelfth rank holder in the previous day’s competition. He had expertise in a boxing style named ‘Nine Style Wind Cannon’. His fist was as fast as the wind, and carried a formidable explosive force.

“Is Jing Han present here? Come out to accept the challenge. This match will be forfeited if you don’t show up till the count of three…” the junior referee sized Kang Yong up, and announced in a loud voice.

Suddenly, a young man leapt-out of the crowd; he had a fierce look on his face. He flipped over in air, and landed in the ring. He was shorter than his opponent. He looked at Kang Yong fiercely.

“I request Senior to give me some directions.” Kang Yong’s sturdy physique and imposing aura appeared feeble in front of his opponent. His grandeur was swept away by the ominous glint in Jing Han’s eyes; whereas his malicious gaze sent a shiver down Kang Yong’s spine. So, Kang Yong clasped his hands across his chest and politely reiterated his challenge.

“Enough with the rubbish talk… Now, come on!” the ferocious youth glared at him as he spoke.

Blood rushed to Kang Yong’s brain as he heard this. He stamped his feet forcefully on the ground. Then, his stature flashed and appeared behind Jing Han. His right hand rumbled as it exuded a green light.

A contemptuous look flashed through Jing Han’s eyes. He didn’t evade his opponents attack. Instead, he turned his body and welcomed it. A green and a red ray sparkled as the two of them clashed with each other. Then, the rays died out.

‘Bang!’

There was a burst of muffled thumping sounds as Kang Yong was sent flying in the air like an unstrung kite. He was caught outside the ring. He was unconscious, and his face looked ashen. He seemed to be heavily injured.

Jing Han patted his hands, and calmly walked down the ring.

Everything had happened so quickly that most of the new disciples hadn’t been able to see the developments. There were several new disciples who wanted to try their luck like Kang Yong. However, this thought disappeared from their minds as they saw Kang Yong’s condition.

Shi Mu’s complexion also darkened.

He was standing far from the ring. However, he had noticed every minor detail of the match.

Kang Yong’s action had been fast; his fist had nearly hit his opponent. However, Jing Han’s Real Qi was extremely profound. Therefore, the strength of his fire-style fist had sent Kang Yong flying in the air.

Jing Han’s brutal aura lingered-on… even though he had walked down the ring. No one dared to challenge another old disciple for some time.

Shi Mu was still pondering over the last match when he noticed Bai Shi leaping-up into the ring; he had a broad smile on his face. He challenged the old disciple named Gong Chun Peng. The man was ranked 1341.

A black-robed youth with ordinary facial features appeared in front of Bai Shi. They greeted each other formally. Then, the match began.

Bai Shi entered his violent mode at once. The muscles of his arms swelled up, and he started to bombard fists on his opponent. His fists produced winds with loud and intermittent rumbles; a wide-stretched and faint-red light bubbled-up, and filled the air with scorching-hot airwaves. The people close to the ring felt a fervent air against their faces.

Shi Mu’s vision became intense.

It seemed that Bai Shi had strengthened his Real Qi after he had joined the Holy Spirit Association. He had probably reached a higher stage of the ‘All-Yang’ Art. The progress could be substantiated on the basis of his blazing-fire-fist since it was shrouded in a faint-red glow.

However, the black-robed youth looked calm and unperturbed. He stood motionless as Bai Shi launched his attack. Then, he lifted his right hand. It transformed into a light-blue palm’s shadow, and spread in all directions. His palm blocked Bai Shi’s attack.

Bai Shi was startled at the sight of this. However, the muscles of his arms bulged even thicker. Then, he started to bombard his fists’ shadows in all directions; the size of the shadows had increased by three inches. After that, his fists’ shadows shrouded the black-robed youth like a group of fervent airwaves.

The black-robed youth finally moved.

He took a quick rotation. Suddenly, a blue cyclone emerged, and crushed the surrounding fist-shadows. Then, his figure split into three shadows — which pounced on Bai Shi.

Suddenly, something flashed before Bai Shi’s eyes. He realized that the black-robed youth was standing in front of him. He quickly held-up his arms to shield his chest, stomach and other vital organs. But, his efforts went in vain as a huge blue-colored palm – as hard as steel – got engraved on his body.

“Bang” a loud sound echoed.

It seemed as if a huge mountain-like force had welled up.

Bai Shi’s arms had become numb because of the brutal force of the attack; he couldn’t breathe.

However, the black-robed youth didn’t stop. His black figure flashed as he thrust his right leg into Bai Shi’s chest; like a long spear. Bai Shi felt like throwing-up, and his body started to tremble. He was thrown into the air like a worn-out sack.

Everyone outside the ring was in shock. Suddenly, Xiao Ming leapt-up and grasped Bai Shi in midair. He landed on the ground with a formidable force. In fact, he was forced three steps backwards before he was able to steady himself.

All this had happened within a fleeting moment even though it looked like a long process.

The new disciples had only noticed Bai Shi throwing fist shadows in all directions, and the black-robed youth’s figure flashing… and then Bai Shi was flying by the force of his foot. They were astounded and scared; they started to discuss among each other.

Bai Shi sat down cross-legged with Xiao Ming’s support. He closed his eyes and rested for a moment. His complexion gradually returned to its normal color.

“Brother Bai, are you alright?”

Shi Mu walked over to him and looked at the terrible footprint on his chest. Then, he asked in a dignified tone.

Bai Shi slowly opened his eyes. He shook his head as he flashed a bitter smile at Shi Mu.

Suddenly, Shi Mu caught a glimpse of a familiar figure. Bai Shi and Xiao Ming were also looking in the same direction. The three of them had turned at the same time to glance at the figure.

They found Lan Feng standing in a ring at a distance. She had chosen her competitor; it was a pretty girl in pink clothing. Her opponent stood in the rings as well — right in front of her!



Chapter 83: Forfeit

The pink-attired girl’s movements were quick. She shuttled back-and-forth in the ring like a shadow; leaving behind blurred pink afterimages. Lan Feng was proud of her terrific speed. However, it appeared insignificant in comparison to speed of her opponent’s movements.

Everyone had anticipated that Lan Feng would be defeated within a couple of moves. But suddenly, a crisp sound of ‘jingling’ of bells resounded through the plaza. The pink-attired girl became pale as she heard it, and her pace slowed down.

Shi Mu and Bai Shi looked at each other; they knew that Lan Feng had resorted to the power of her Blood.

The pink-attired girl snorted and flicked her hand. Suddenly, several blood-red paper-charms appeared in her hand. Then, they transformed into a layer of red light. This red light enveloped her entire body, and her figure started to look fuzzy. Finally, she transformed into a faint-pink shadow, and whizzed past Lan Feng.

“Plop” a loud sound was heard.

Lan Feng could be seen lying on the ground – unconscious.

Shi Mu shook his head as he saw this; his eyes flickered in an indeterminate manner.

There was only a few months of difference between the ‘Hou Tian arts’ practice of the new and old disciples. How could it create such a massive disparity between them? Suddenly, the whole picture became clear to him. Now, he was fully aware of the Black Demon Sect’s power, and that of the other seven big Sects of the three nations; he had been struck by a new understanding.

Moreover, he realized that the second day’s competition was organized by the Sect in order to snatch away the spirit and confidence of the new disciples. This round of the competition was supposed to give them a clear picture. The Sect encouraged competition, but it supported true strength over courage.

These old disciples were low-ranked. Moreover, they seemed to be at the primary stages of the Hou Tian arts. But, there was a huge difference between their strength, and that of the new disciples…

Shi Mu realized that he had little chance of victory even if he were to combine the power of his ‘Thirteen Series of Gale Force Blade Art’ with his extraordinary physical strength; there was no way that he could be promoted in the ranking list.

Shi Mu made a firm resolve as these thoughts crossed his mind.

Then, three new disciples initiated their challenges, and got defeated by the old disciples in quick succession. However, one of them nearly fought to a draw. But, he lost the match as his Real Qi was inferior to that of the old disciple’s.

The new disciples had a dejected look on their faces. But, their spirits got lifted as they saw this. They started to initiate more challenges; so much so that four challenges were simultaneously taking place in four rings.

Xiao Ming couldn’t repress his eagerness either. He threw a meaningful glance at Shi Mu and Bai Shi, and strode towards the nearby ring.

He ran for a few steps. Then, he shot-up in the sky and landed in the ring with a determined look on his face. After that, he mentioned the name of the disciple he wanted to challenge; it was the 1300th rank holder.

An obese youth appeared in the ring. Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he saw this.

“Brother Bai, is Brother Xiao a registered magician-practitioner of our Sect?” he turned his head and asked Bai Shi.

“Yes. He took the test and passed. He was detected with three degrees in Fire element Induction force in the Hall of Magic,” Bai Shi replied.

Shi Mu nodded as he heard this. It seemed as if he had anticipated this reply.

Xiao Ming’s opponent looked sluggish because of his weight. Moreover, Xiao Ming’s art focused on utilizing one’s flexibility. Therefore, he could restrain his opponent even though he was a magician.

Xiao Ming looked at the obese youth; the fat disciple had already thought of a countermeasure. And, Shi Mu had already guessed the reason.

Jin Huan must’ve leaked all this information to the fat disciple in advance.

Both the parties greeted each other. Then, the match began. Xiao Ming fixed his eyes on his opponent’s movements. Meanwhile, he started to mutter incantations. This stirred-up the magical powers within his body, and they started to take a mysterious form. Then, a gust of scalding-hot air gushed out of his body and spread out like ripples.

“A Magician!”

Someone in the crowd called-out in alarm.

The complexion of the obese youth changed. A stern look flashed through his eyes as he ferociously stomped his foot on the floor.

“Bang” the entire ring vibrated with a loud sound.

He bounced-up in the air with great force, and threw himself at Xiao Ming like a meteor. He pounded his fists forward; both of them at the same time. Two massive fist-winds burst out with a flash of yellow light; it appeared as if two megaliths were tumbling-down a huge mountain. A fierce and imposing aura rushed out from both sides as his two fists converged into one attack.

Xiao Ming’s clothes had started to flutter even though he hadn’t yet faced the fist-wind.

Suddenly, Xiao Ming’s feet intertwined as he attempted to display the ‘Lost Steps’ to dodge his opponent’s attack. Then, his complexion changed.

He realized that his Real Qi was nothing in comparison to the converging attack of the fierce fist-winds of his opponent. Moreover, he started to find faults with the ‘Lost Steps’ that he had been practicing.

Xiao Ming gritted his teeth in desperation as he pointed his right index-finger forward. Suddenly, a group of human-head-sized fireballs flashed. They rushed towards the obese youth with great speed. The speed of his attack had increased by-a-third since the last time Shi Mu had seen it.

The obese youth was still midair. He realized that he couldn’t evade these fire balls at any cost. Suddenly, that pair of yellow-glowing fists changed into multiple fist-shadows, and collided with the approaching fire balls.

Bang!

The fire balls exploded midair; their flame spread in all directions. The obese youth was pushed back a few steps by the intense air wave. But, he immediately sprang-up and rushed towards Xiao Ming.

Xiao Ming stopped chanting incantations since his opponent had reached extremely close to him. Then, he started to focus on his Lost-Steps Art. Suddenly, he fluttered backwards – like a fallen leaf – to dodge his opponent’s blow.

However, the obese youth didn’t give-up; he started to chase Xiao Ming all over the ring.

Xiao Ming understood that he had no choice but to accept defeat because he couldn’t beat his opponent. Moreover, he hadn’t been able to find any opportunity to use his magic skills. Therefore, he jumped down the ring after being pursued for a while, and admitted his defeat.

Shi Mu let out a soft sigh as he saw this. Then, he turned around and left the plaza.

Several days later…

Shi Mu exhibited “Five Postures towards Heaven”[1] as he practiced the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants in his room.

“Excuse me, is Brother Shi Mu inside? I’m here to deliver the reward of the quarterly competition.” There were a few rhythmic knocks on his door. Then, the voice of an unfamiliar young man was heard.

A hint of exhilaration flashed through Shi Mu’s eyes as he heard this.

He quickly responded, and got out of the bed. He opened the door to find a black-uniformed janitor disciple standing at his door. The disciple had a parcel in his hand.

“I’m Shi Mu. Please give me the parcel,” Shi Mu said.

The janitor disciple knew Shi Mu. Therefore, he handed over the parcel to him after a single glance. They exchanged greetings. Then, he turned around and departed.

Shi Mu went inside his room and untied the package. There were two white bottles and fifty thousand silver notes inside it.

Shi Mu was delighted. He opened one of the bottles and sniffed it; it was the Blood-Strengthening Pills.

However, he was more excited about the fifty-thousand silver notes. That was because he was running short on money, and the pills that he required were nearly consumed-up. Therefore, he could use the fifty-thousand silvers to buy Blood-Strengthening and Bone-Tempering pills.

So, he put away the Blood-Strengthening Pills, and walked out towards the shops. He finally returned to his room with huge quantities of pills; he seemed to be in a joyful mood.

It seemed as if he wouldn’t need to go out again in the near future.



Chapter 84: Charm Magic

Shi Mu sat cross-legged on his stone bed; there was a trace of hesitation in his eyes.

He had realized that the fifty-thousand silvers that he had just received were like a drop in the bucket if the consumption rate for his current practice was to be considered. Moreover, the consumption rate would increase as he leveled-up in his corresponding art. Therefore, it was time for him to study the books of Charm and Formula Magic that he had received from the General Library.

Shi Mu flipped over his right hand, and took out a jade slip that contained the Charm Magic Art. He placed it against his forehead. Suddenly, numerous characters started to float inside his mind.

He exhaled a long breath as he put down the jade slip after a while. Then, he took out the silver-colored jade slip that contained the ‘Comprehensive Introduction to Formula Arts’, and started to study it through meditation.

He had finished studying both the arts after a while. He realized that Master Ju was right – the formula and the charm art were closely related to each other. It could be said that Charm Magic was a miniature form of Formula magic.

Moreover, Charm Magic was quite simple in comparison to Formula Magic. However, it wasn’t as powerful as Formula magic. But, it still had two advantages – it was convenient to carry, and could be casted quickly. In addition, it needed only a little consumption of magic power, and could display a string of benefits.

The Formula Magic Art appeared simple in comparison to the process of drawing a paper charm. A magician had to go through incessant practice sessions to draw a preliminary level paper charm.

Drawing a paper charm was a profound path that a magician was supposed to walk-on.

Shi Mu held his chin and began to ponder as he realized that the Charm and Formula Magic Arts were closely related to each other.

Shi Mu decided to start his practice with the simpler one – the Charm Magic. He would move on to practice the Formula Art once he was proficient in the Charm Magic Art.

He was no more confused as he had finally reached a decision. So, he put away the silver-colored jade slip and started to study ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’. The first-half of the art consisted of the introduction to the Charm magic.

According to this ancient book, the charm language was a kind of heavenly language that contained the strength of Heaven and Earth. Each character of this language held the power of subtle principle within it. From a simple pattern to a complicated magic seal – everything was based on the basic foundation of charm language.

Therefore, one must be able to comprehend and draw a charm character by oneself in order to draw a paper charm. Interestingly, all charm characters had originated from the basic five elements. So, one could make complicated paper-charms by passing through different combinations – as long as one could grasp the charm characters of the basic five elements.

Shi Mu felt uneasy as he read that it was extremely difficult to comprehend the charm language. Therefore, there were only a handful of people who wished to be Charm magicians. A number of people failed to draw a single character of five elements even after practicing and learning the charm characters through painstaking meditation process for several years; all of them had eventually given up.

Shi Mu’s complexion turned pale as this thought flashed through his mind.

However, he couldn’t quit since he had chosen to be a magician practitioner and had spent a huge amount of resources to purchase the books related to this art.

A firm and resolute look flashed through his eyes. He sat down cross-legged. Then, he took a deep breath and adjusted his mind.

A cold feeling started to swirl in his mind as his breathing became slower. Then, he picked up the jade slip with a dignified look on his face; he seemed prepared to learn the charm characters of the first five basic elements from the ancient book.

Several hundred basic charm characters were recorded in the book of ‘The Sacred Book of Magical Charms’. Shi Mu was a beginner. So, he chose the simplest character which consisted of a few strokes – a fire element charm character.

Three days passed in a blink of an eye.

Shi Mu still sat on his bed with crossed legs and closed eyes.

Suddenly, a group of fuzzy red light-balls appeared in his mind. They looked like a living creature as they went through elongated deformation; it seemed as if they wanted to transform into some characters.

The upper-half of the fuzzy red light-balls gradually took the shape of a strange mark; the lower half continued to go through the process of stretching and deforming.

“Ping” the group of red light-balls shook as they exploded.

Shi Mu issued a muffled groan, and opened his eyes. He was sweating profusely and breathing heavily; his face looked ghastly pale.

He lifted his hand and touched his face under the nose. He realized that blood was dripping down from his nostrils.

He was taken aback. He sighed and cleaned the blood. Then, he stood up and moved to the window to look outside. He got lost in thought as he stared at the dark sky.

The words written in the ancient book were correct; it was indeed difficult to understand these charm characters. He couldn’t understand the essence of even the simplest character of the fire element even after three days of meditation.

“Could it be that I don’t have the talent to become a Charm magician?” Shi Mu sighed as the thought crossed his mind.

To perceive these characters through meditation was only the first step. He would have to go through two more steps if he wished to make a paper charm.

He needed to portray each character on the paper-charm after comprehending them successfully. To draw the charm characters to make charm magic was considered to be the second step.

Every magic art of the five elements – even the simplest fireball technique – had its own corresponding formula. A simple paper charm could be made by using five or six charm characters. However, dozens or even hundreds of charm characters were required to constitute a complex paper charm.

Moreover, the process of drawing a charm character didn’t allow even the slightest mistake. It needed utmost precision and years of practice to gain expertise in making a paper charm.

Once a symbol was drawn appropriately… then the next and the third steps were relatively easier.

The third step consisted of pouring the magic power in a properly drawn paper charm. It was similar to storing the magic power in the paper charm in advance; it would be needed to cast a magic spell in the future. So, the might of the paper charm could be unleashed – whenever needed – with a little guidance.

There were several limitations to this step even though it seemed quite simple.

A majority of Charm magicians possessed two or three element induction forces. And, one couldn’t go beyond their elements while instilling the spirit power. So, Shi Mu would have to resort to corresponding spirit stones to supplement any other element that he couldn’t sense; these spirit stones were sold at high prices.

Therefore, people had been getting confused by these three steps since the beginning.

“I’ve just started to practice the Charm magic. So, it’s too early to talk about the first two steps.” Shi Mu remained silent for a long while. He shook his head to push-out all the gloomy thoughts from his mind.

He had been lost in his thoughts while staring out of the window for almost half-an-hour.

A crescent moon started to sprinkle its silver radiance in all directions as it rose from the western horizon.

Shi Mu’s face started to beam with happiness as he saw this. The weather hadn’t been good since the last few days. Shi Mu hadn’t been able to enter his dreamland because the moon had rarely appeared. Therefore, he hadn’t been able to practice the Moon Swallowing Art.

He stopped thinking about the Charm magic and arranged his room. Then, he opened the door and walked out. He had arrived at the open lawn in the woods after a quarter-of-an-hour.

Then, he sat down cross-legged with a calm and empty mind. Soon, he entered into his dreamland.

He again reincarnated as a white ape under the bright radiance of the moon in his dreamland. Then, he started to exhibit the posture of the Moon Swallowing Art. Several luminous dots appeared in the sky and started to stream down into the ape’s pupils – as always.

Shi Mu was exhilarated as he realized that the gathering speed of the luminous dots had increased in comparison to the previous dream. It seemed that his absorption-speed of the moonlight’s essence had increased with the enhancement of his magic powers.

A cold feeling began to grow as more and more luminous dots streamed down into his mind. The anxiety and depression caused during the practice of the magic charms gradually faded away.

The dense luminous dots that were gathering in his mind started to transform into a white fog. Then, the white fog started to gather and took the form of a cluster of milky white clouds.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s heart skipped a beat. He realized that the cluster of white clouds in his mind seemed to be similar to the group of ‘fuzzy’ red light-balls which he had seen while he was trying to comprehend the charm language.



Chapter 85: Congealing Charms in Dream

Shi Mu started to resolve his spirit power since an idea crossed his mind. He wanted to try and condense the cluster of the white cloud in his mind into a charm character.

He had started this procedure only for the sake of giving it a try. Who would’ve thought that something strange would come out of this unusual idea?

Suddenly, the cluster of the milky-white clouds started to move rapidly. Then, they started to congeal into a charm character. It was the fire-attribute charm character that he had previously failed to perceive several times. However, this charm character was white in color.

The white charm character crumbled and transformed into a cluster of white clouds as Shi Mu took a momentary pause.

Shi Mu was startled.

Could it be that the charm character he had condensed in his dream wouldn’t be of any use?

He smiled bitterly, and started to calm his mind. Then, he looked-up and transformed into the white ape. He started to absorb the moonlight essence while practicing the Moon Swallowing Art once again.

The night passed in a flash. The sky was getting clearer. The dawn was about to arrive; the moon had slid beneath the horizon.

Shi Mu’s body quivered as he woke-up from his dream; he was extremely excited. He felt a sense of refreshment in his entire body.

He exhaled a long breath. Then, he stood-up and examined the spirit power within his mind.

Suddenly, his body became stiff and motionless.

He could see a blood-red character floating inside his mind; it was glowing. It was the same fire-attribute character that he had failed to perceive after three days of meditation.

“This…?” He was left thunderstruck; he almost couldn’t believe it.

His face bloomed with happiness. Then, he considered his surroundings and controlled himself; he didn’t want to burst out laughing in the open.

The ecstatic expression on his face receded as his mood returned to its serene state.

The white ape’s dreamland had far surpassed his imagination.

He shook the morning dew off his body. Then, he started to walk towards his house.

Several days later…

Shi Mu arrived at the plaza in an ecstatic mood. He stopped in front of a three-storied building. It had a glazing red-tiled roof.

This place was designed to sell magic objects. It was called the ‘House of the Five Elements’. Shi Mu had seen this place before as the ‘Aromatic Pills Pavilion’ was situated on the street next to it. Shi Mu had taken a note of this place when he had visited the ‘Aromatic Pills Pavilion’ to purchase pills.

Shi Mu was about to enter the place when he discovered that nobody was inside the shop. The first thing that he saw was a huge scarlet wooden counter. A thin middle-aged man stood behind the counter. He had a long beard – like a goat’s. He was rummaging through a thick wad of hides. Two black-robed janitor disciples were assisting him in checking the inventory and completing other tasks.

“Sire, please come inside. How can I help you? Do you want to buy or sell something?” the middle-aged man turned around, and greeted Shi Mu with a smile.

“Oh, do you purchase things as well?” Shi Mu was startled at first. Then, he asked in a casual manner.

“Yes. We accept various kinds of things related to magic. Does Sire have something he would like to sell here?” the middle-aged man’s eyes lit-up as he asked.

“No. I’m here to buy material to draw paper charms. I hope that the shopkeeper would recommend some good material…” Shi Mu replied with a smile.

“You only need a magic brush, magic ink and some charm papers in order to draw a paper charm in an efficient manner. Sire, please look at this. This is the best charm paper in the shop. It was made by blending several precious materials with a hundred-year-old purple spirit wood. It efficiently absorbs magic ink. In fact, it can even enhance the might of the paper charm,” the middle-aged man explained. Meanwhile, he pulled-out a wad of charm paper from the shelf behind him. Suddenly, the air was filled with an unusual fragrance.

“What’s the price of this wad of charm paper?” Shi Mu asked.

“Not much… just thirty-thousand silvers,” the man stretched-out three fingers as he spoke.

Shi Mu was shocked to hear such an exorbitant price even though he was prepared in his heart.

The cost of a hundred pages of charm papers was thirty-thousand-silvers. This meant that the price of a single piece of charm paper was three-hundred silvers.

“This… then what’s the price of the cheapest paper?” Shi Mu’s brows wrinkled as he asked.

“One-thousand-five-hundred silvers.” The man’s smile receded as he heard this. He put down the precious paper, and replied in a cold voice.

“Well… then what about the price of the cheapest ink and brush?” Shi Mu calculated in his mind, and asked.

“Each of them costs three-thousand silvers.”

“Well… I’d like to buy a set of them.” Shi Mu clenched his teeth as he took out seven-thousand-five-hundred silver notes from his bosom, and handed them over to him.

The middle-aged man received the paper notes with an expressionless face. He took a look, and waved to a nearby janitor disciple. He whispered a few words in his ear as he arrived. Then, the janitor disciple turned around, and left to fetch the wad.

After that, the man turned around and began to flip through the hides; he seemed to have forgotten about Shi Mu’s presence. However, Shi Mu wasn’t affected by this treatment. Instead, he felt free. So, he started to size-up the magic objects that were kept in the shop.

“Brother, your items.” The janitor disciple approached Shi Mu and handed over a parcel to him.

The package consisted of a low-grade magic brush, a bottle of ordinary red ink and a stack of hundred pages of yellow charm paper. The magic brush and red ink seemed to be made-up of some unknown beast’s essence and hair.

Shi Mu nodded as he examined the contents. Then, the janitor disciple wrapped them-up and handed them over to Shi Mu. Shi Mu left the place, and rushed towards his room.

He arrived at his room after a short while. He sat on his stone bed and adjusted his breathing. Then, he adjusted his physical and mental states to their best. After that, he got-up and went to his stone table. He then took-out a single charm paper from the bundle. He spread it on the table carefully, and took-out the magic ink and brush.

A light smell of blood was spread around as he opened the lid of the ink bottle.

He then picked-up the magic brush, and closed his eyes. Suddenly, the red charm character appeared in his mind; it was rotating.

He let out a sigh as he opened his eyes. He recalled the red character as he dipped the brush in the ink. Then, he slowly drew the character on the charm paper in an extremely careful manner.

It took him a while to complete the charm character.

He realized that he was covered in sweat as he finished drawing the character.

He narrowed his eyes as he picked-up the paper. He cautiously looked at it for some time. He was finally convinced that he hadn’t committed any mistake; he felt relieved and calmed down.

Then, he pointed his right index finger at the paper. Suddenly, his magic powers surged-up from his dantian. Then, he started to pour-out his magic powers into the paper charm as per the instructions given in ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’.

Several luminous dots emerged on the paper and joined together as he started to infuse his magic powers with it. The charm character dazzled-up when he had finished instilling the last bit of his magic powers. Then, it started to wriggle – like a living animal.

Everything seemed to have gone smoothly. So, Shi Mu put down the brush and waved his hand. Suddenly, the paper charm flew to his hand.

Then, he rubbed the paper and threw it in the air. “Bang” there was a loud explosion as the paper charm ignited itself. Then, the bean-sized spark spread-out and burnt the entire paper. The magic that he had instilled into it had been unleashed.

Shi Mu’s face beamed with happiness as he saw this.

However, his face soon became expressionless.

He realized that this was only a trivial accomplishment. The charm character was only a basic ‘fire element’ character; it wouldn’t exhibit any remarkable might even if he memorized it. It could only be used to ignite fire.

Moreover, ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’ only contained a few elementary formulas of the five elements apart from some basic characters.

He realized that General Library’s Master Ju had indeed been right. He could find all the powerful formulas of this Sect in the Holy Spirit Pavilion… but — at exorbitant prices.

He shook his head and put away the things. Then, he went to his bed and sat down cross-legged.

He could accept a variety of well-paid tasks in the Hall of Wealth as long as he could become a true Charm magician. This would pave his way towards massive resource accumulation for his future practice.

Shi Mu became overwhelmed as this thought crossed his mind. Then, he took out ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’ from his bosom, and started to work on the next character.



Chapter 86: The Fight

Six months later…

Seven or eight black-robed old disciples were gathered in the small yard outside Shi Mu’s stone house. They stood silently; as if waiting for someone.

Their leader was the golden-haired youth – Jin Huan of the Holy Spirit Association.

There was another gathering of ten new disciples a little far away from Shi Mu’s room. They seemed to be watching the proceedings. They were occasionally whispering to each other.

“Brother Jin, it seems that Brother Shi has gone out. He may not be back for a while. I’ll stay and watch.” Huo Mao stood beside Jin Huan; he spoke in a soft tone.

The front door of Shi Mu’s stone house was tightly shut. It seemed that he wasn’t in his room at the moment.

“Don’t worry. I’ve got nothing to do today… I can wait a little longer. These paper charms are extremely important to us. I can’t take a risk. I can’t let this chance slide from my hands. I must personally meet Brother Shi… and ask him to make a few charms for us,” Jin Huan shook his head and replied in a soft tone.

Huo Mao nodded as he heard this; he didn’t say anything else.

Bai Shi and Xiao Ming stood next to Huo Mao.

“I always knew that Brother Shi wasn’t an ordinary disciple. But, I could never imagine that he would have a great skill in magic… and he could make paper charms in such a proficient manner. He’s been into it for just six months… and he can already make elementary-level paper charms,” Bai Shi sighed as he said.

Jin Huan and Huo Mao nodded with a smile. Suddenly, an unpleasant expression shadowed Jin Huan’s smiling face.

Shi Mu had revealed his charm-making talent six months ago. This news hadn’t only astonished the new disciples, but had also left several old disciples thunderstruck.

There were only a handful of magician-practitioners in the Black Demon Sect. Charm Magicians were even fewer in number.

Therefore, Shi Mu had become one of the few Charm Magicians in the Sect. The old disciples were wary of offending him even though he could only make elementary-level charms of the five elements.

Moreover, Shi Mu had exhibited a high success-rate in making a paper-charm to perfection. His success-rate was higher in comparison with the other Charm Magicians of the Sect. In fact, he had far-surpassed his fellow Charm Magicians.

The number of disciples that would approach Shi Mu with a request to make paper charms was getting higher by the day; so much so that Shi Mu was forced to decline a few of them. Therefore, Jin Huan and other disciples had to personally come to his room.

Jin Huan was upset and annoyed.

He had never thought that Shi Mu would become so famous. Otherwise, he would’ve pulled him into their group by alluring him with any amount of resources he wanted.

Now, Shi Mu’s glory had spread everywhere. Therefore, it had become extremely difficult to attract him into their group. Moreover, it was reported that a few elders of the Sect had started to notice him.

Jin Huan sighed secretly as this thought crossed his mind.

Xiao Ming also looked perplexed.

It had been six months since he had joined the Holy Spirit Association. However, he had failed to make a single paper charm. He hadn’t been able to learn even two-or-three elementary-level charm characters so far – let alone make paper charms.

Some new disciples were silently watching from a distance. Suddenly, they burst into an uproar. They hurriedly drew back to a side, and made way for another group of old disciples.

Jin Huan looked in their direction as he heard the noise. Suddenly, his brows wrinkled.

The new group of old disciples was the Blood Dragon Gang – led by Qu Kun.

Qu Kun was startled when he saw Jin Huan and his group stationed outside Shi Mu’s door. However, he approached them with a soft chuckle. He stopped at a little distance from them. He then said, “Brother Jin, I never thought that such a great person of the Holy Spirit Association would show-up here. Are you also looking for Brother Shi?”

“We’re in the same boat. Brother Qu, you too are a famous person of the Blood Dragon Gang. You still showed-up here,” Jin Huan replied in a light tone.

“Hehe… Brother Shi is extraordinarily talented. So, it was important to personally visit him,” Qu Kun said with a smile.

“Enough of these rubbish talks… The Blood Dragon Gang had deliberately raised the reward-price six months ago… and had asked Brother Shi to make dozens of paper charms. We – the Holy Spirit Association – didn’t interfere at that time. Now… it’s our turn to request paper-charms for our group,” Jin Huan replied in a cold voice.

“The higher the price… the better the quality of the work; that’s always been the rule. Brother Shi was happy to accept our request back then. He doesn’t need to take Brother Jin’s consent before accepting any offers… isn’t it?” Qu Kun retorted with a cold face.

A cold confrontation between two formidable groups gave rise to a murderous aura. The new disciples were forced to retreat a few steps to avoid being caught up in a disastrous conflict. However, a hint of an irresistible excitement lingered on their faces. They continued to watch the ‘fun’ proceedings.

Jin Huan’s expression turned even gloomier. He stared at Qu Kun with eyes as sharp as knives.

“What’s wrong? Look at Brother Jin’s face… Can it be that you want to start a fight?” Qu Kun stuck-out his chest as he spoke fearlessly.

“I’ve heard that Brother Qu has just chosen a sword art named the ‘Wolf and Moon Art’. I would like to take your advice regarding it. It’s a chance encounter. Let’s take advantage of this opportunity, and see who the ‘better one’ amongst us is. How about this… the one who loses will give-up looking for brother Shi,” a cold look flashed across Jin Huan’s eyes as he said.

“Haha… Brother Jin, we’re here to ask Brother Shi to make some paper charms for us. Why should we get injured? If you want to start a fight… then don’t forget that the annual competition is just around the corner. You’ll get plenty of chances to fight with me in a ring,” Qu Kun burst out laughing as he spoke; he neither approved nor disapproved.

“It seems like brother Qu is afraid to fight me. I won’t force you anymore. But… I request the Blood Dragon Gang to leave at once in order to avoid any injury…” Jin Huan sneered as he warned. However, he felt helpless in his heart.

The Holy Spirit Association had failed a task. This had led them to suffer huge financial losses. Therefore, they wouldn’t be able to beat the Blood Dragon Gang if both the groups were to compete in terms of financial ability. Otherwise, he was unlikely to resort to such a dreadful plan.

Jin Huan and his group members smiled as he finished speaking. They threw contemptuous looks towards the Blood Dragon Gang.

“Humph! If Brother Jin is so interested to fight… then I’m ready. My sword is desperate to taste some blood.” Qu Kun looked around. Then, he tightened his grip on his long sword’s handle as he replied with a vicious smile.

He knew that his position was a little lower than Jin Huan’s in the eyes of the primary disciples. Moreover, he wasn’t confident of defeating his opponent. However, he couldn’t compromise the reputation of his group in front of so many people. Therefore, the only choice he had was to give it a try.

He was also aware that he had made a tremendous progress in his martial arts in the past six months. So, even if he couldn’t defeat his opponent — he could at least make an effort to bring this match to a draw. He was sure that he could accomplish this.

Jin Huan forced a cold smile, and waved his hand. The people standing behind him were forced to go back a few steps.

Meanwhile, Qu Kun’s people also stepped back to make space for the two opponents.

“Shua” Qu Kun pulled out his sword with a whistling sound.

The sword was half-an-inch longer than regular swords; a red mark could be seen on its edge. It seemed to be contaminated with blood; so much so that it was emitting a nauseating smell.

Jin Huan didn’t move; it seemed as if he didn’t intend to use any weapons.

“Eat this!”

Qu Kun got angry as he saw Jin Huan empty-handed; this seemed to have humiliated him. He shouted-out loud as he swayed his long sword. Then, he thrust it towards Jin Huan with a terrific speed; like speed of the mighty river Yangtze’s current.[1]

His entire body emitted a murderous aura. Suddenly, a sword wind appeared. It pierced the air and advanced towards his opponent with a ‘wuwu’ sound; like the whining of ghosts.

Jin Huan’s eyes flashed. He stomped his feet on the ground.

A powerful aura burst out of his body with a ‘boom’ sound. Suddenly, his figure flashed and disappeared.

As a result, Qu Kun’s sword missed its target. Then, he sensed something ominous rushing towards him.

However, he couldn’t respond. Suddenly, the air around him exploded as he was kicked hard by a dense pale-golden foot. It seemed as if a cluster of stars had plummeted down on him; it was far more oppressive than Qu Kun’s sword momentum.

Qu Kun’s complexion changed. Then, he wielded his sword. It produced red sword-shadows — which condensed into a faint image of a giant wolf.

Notes:

1) Yangtze is the longest river in China. Third longest in the world. This river is often mentioned in the novel to draw comparisons.



Chapter 87: Qi Explosion Technique

Clank!

The sounds of metal collision rang out in all directions. Jin Huan was in midair; his feet were shrouded in a thin layer of the pale-golden light of his Real Qi. This golden light made it seem as if his feet were made of iron. They didn’t get wounded as they clashed with Qu Kun’s long sword.

The two of them collided more than a dozen times. They were moving extremely fast; so much so that the surrounding disciples couldn’t see them clearly.

Jin Huan shouted-out loud as he exerted pressure on Qu Kun’s long sword with his feet. His body leveraged in midair, and flipped over as he pointed his finger in Qu Kun’s direction.

The action of pointing-out a finger looked sluggish and unpleasant. But, it rendered a surreptitious, gloomy and eerie feeling. It was poles apart from the ‘Tyrannical Leg Technique’ that he had used a moment ago.

Puff!

Qu Kun couldn’t come up with any countermeasure. The shadows of his sword failed to protect him from the approaching finger. A few inches long bloodstain appeared across his cheek. He staggered back a few steps as blood gushed out from the wound.

Jin Huan retracted his hands. Then, he steadily landed on the ground.

“Honor the commitment!” Jin Huan smiled and spoke in a light tone.

Qu Kun’s complexion turned pale. He slowly slipped his sword into its sheath; he didn’t wipe the bloodstain off his face.

“Humph!”

He grunted heavily. Then, he turned around and walked away. The other members of the Blood Dragon Gang followed him hurriedly.

Suddenly, the surrounding disciples burst into applause. They hadn’t gotten to watch such a splendid fight between two old disciples in the quarterly competition. They were extremely fascinated by this short, yet breath-taking battle.

“Senior Jin’s ‘Golden Axe Leg Art’ and ‘Magic Mark Finger’ were exquisite. Perhaps… he has reached the consummate stage of both these arts,” Bai Shi spoke in a respectful tone.

“Hehe… these two Hou Tian level martial arts techniques are quite abstruse. I’ve achieved a small success… that’s all,” Jin Huan shook his head as he replied; he didn’t seem to be in a pleasant mood.

He had gone through the painstaking training of several years to master these two martial arts techniques; the Magic Mark Finger had especially been difficult to learn. He had planned to expose these techniques in the annual competition. However, he was forced to display them ahead of time. So now, he wouldn’t be able achieve an astonishing effect in the competition.

Bai Shi and other people noticed the gloomy look on Jin Huan’s face. So, they didn’t pursue the matter any further.

They waited for some more time. Finally, a tall person’s figure could be seen walking over from the mountain road. It was none other than Shi Mu.

Shi Mu wrinkled his brows as he saw the people gathered around his stone house.

“Brother Shi, we’ve been waiting for you for a long time,” Jin Huan greeted him with a smile.

“I went out to run some errands. I kept Brother Jin and others waiting for so long. I’m really sorry for that,” Shi Mu replied with a smile.

“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it. Brother Shi is a busy person now… unlike us. We had nothing important to do today. So, we hit this place a bit early,” Jin Huan replied with a smile. He sounded as if he was trying to flatter Shi Mu.

Shi Mu greeted Bai Shi, Xiao Ming, Huo Mao and his other acquaintances with a nod.

“Brother Jin, were you seeking me to make paper charms?” Shi Mu asked.

“That’s right, Brother Shi. I urgently need a few dozen paper charms. I couldn’t think of anyone other than you who could efficiently complete this task in a short time. As far as the reward is concerned… we won’t disappoint you,” Jin Huan spoke.

“What kind of charms do you need… and in what quantity?” Shi Mu’s eyes flashed. He pondered for a moment and asked.

Jin Huan heaved a sigh of relief as he heard these words. Then, he went closer to him and whispered a few words into his ear.

Shi Mu paused for a moment; he seemed to be considering the offer carefully.

“Well… no problem. Brother Jin, you can come after five days to collect your requested charms,” he said.

“Well then….Brother Shi, please accept this.” Jin Huan waved to a fellow disciple as an indication to hand over a bulging packet of silver notes to Shi Mu.

Shi Mu received the packet. He then slightly opened it for a quick examination. He nodded his acceptance. He exchanged a few more words with these people before he bid his goodbye. Then, he opened the door of his room and went inside.

Jin Huan continued to gaze at Shi Mu’s closed door for a while. Then, he heaved a sigh of relief, and left the place along with the other disciples.

The surrounding people dispersed as they realized that nothing interesting was left for them to see.

Shi Mu placed the parcel on his table, and sat down.

The number of charms requested by Jin Huan was quite large. However, they were the low-ordered and ordinary charms that wouldn’t be difficult to complete in the given time. In fact, he could complete it within three days. Moreover, the reward was pretty good. So, he couldn’t reject the offer.

Shi Mu pondered over this matter for a while. Then, he took out a brown bottle from his bosom and opened its lid.

A strange smell greeted him. He looked inside, and found a bright-yellow-colored pill. It was exuding a mild-yellow luminescence.

He had gone out to purchase this pill.

He had practiced magic arts with full concentration over the past six months. However, he hadn’t ignored the practice of martial arts either. He had earned plenty of resources by making paper charms for other disciples. So, he had been able to support his practice. In fact, he had made his breakthrough to the second stage of the Art of Breeding Heaven Elephants. Moreover, he was on the verge of breaking through the third stage.

This yellow pill was called the Heavenly Spirit pill; it had played a significant role in his breakthrough.

However, he needed to prioritize his targets now.

Shi Mu let out a soft sigh as this thought crossed his mind. He calmed his mind down, and put the bottle away. Then, he picked-up the packet that he had received from Jin Huan, and pulled-out a piece of charm paper from it. He placed it on top of the table…

Several days later…

Shi Mu sat down crossed-legged on the floor of his stone house. His upper body was naked, and his eyes were closed. Steam rose from the top of his head. His entire body was perspiring; so much so that a thick layer of his sweat was pouring down from it.

The color of his skin grew redder with the passage of time. Suddenly, he opened his eyes and let-out a loud shout.

“Bang” a muffled thunderous sound was heard.

A powerful burst of Qi escaped from his body and spread in all directions.

A nearby stone stool was shot and sent flying like a rubber ball. It crashed against the wall with a loud sound.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s skin returned to its normal color. He slowly stood-up. His face and eyes were brimming with happiness.

He had finally ascended to the third stage of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants with the support of the Heavenly Spirit pill.

He felt an overwhelming strength inside his body; it was hard to restrain. He looked around, and his eyes fell on the steel blade that hung on the wall. Suddenly, an idea struck his mind. He stretched out his hand and grabbed the blade.

Then, he extended his two fingers and pinched the edge of the blade. The Real Qi within his body surged-up as he exerted more pressure on the blade’s edge. Suddenly, a dent appeared on the surface of the blade; it was a shallow imprint of his fingertips.

Shi Mu creased his eyebrows; his face beamed with a satisfactory look. However, an idea dawned on him, and he was left motionless as he pondered over it.

Suddenly, he raised his hand. Then, his five fingers moved and gathered together as they pinched with an unusual technique. The magic power within his body rapidly surged-up. He started to mutter an incantation at the same time. After that, he opened his mouth and shot-out a small group of white clouds – like an arrow. It hit the stone stool kept in the corner.

“Bang” a loud sound resounded.

That stool – as thick as a human’s waist and almost hundreds of kilograms in weight – exploded as it had been shot by the Qi arrow. The stone fragments scattered everywhere in his room. His room was filled with bursting sounds.

Some of the stone fragments flew towards Shi Mu’s face. But, he raised his hand and shot down the approaching stone fragments.

This astounding power had far surpassed Xiao Ming’s Fireball technique. This technique was called the ‘Qi Explosion Technique’ of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’.

Shi Mu had already made a breakthrough to the third stage of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’.

But, he didn’t wish to reveal his magic arts in public. People considered him as a beginner in the world of magic. They figured that he only knew how to make paper charms.

Now, he had a new trump card with this newly acquired Qi Explosion Art. It usually took some time to release the air-ball in a real fight. However, it would still catch an opponent off-guard.



Chapter 88: Spiritual Mutation of the Eyes

Shi Mu put-on his clothes. Then, he went to the table and sat down. After that, he took-out one luminous spirit stone from his shirt; it was emitting bright-blue light. He bent his head and stared at it closely for a moment.

He then took out the jade slip containing ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’ from his clothes and placed it against his forehead. Suddenly, a complex formula popped-up in his mind; it consisted of twelve charm characters.

“‘Martial arts and Magic arts!’ Both of them are Cultivation arts. I should major in either one of these two; the other will be a secondary major. In any case… whether it is the martial arts or the magic art… if a warrior gets stuck in a bottleneck… then he turns towards another art. But, I’m different from other disciples because I know the Moon-Swallowing Art. It can support my practice. Also, practicing a magic art doesn’t take too much effort. This means that I can enhance my strength and practice martial arts at the same time. The formula arts helped me significantly in comparison with those aggressive magic arts. Now, I must successfully draw this ‘Body Lifting Charm’.” Shi Mu removed the jade slip after a moment. Then, he muttered as he looked at the blue stone in his other hand.

This blue spirit stone was a rare wind-attribute stone. Moreover, the formula that Shi Mu had just learnt from ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’ was also the same wind-attribute magic charm.

As far as the wind-attribute spirit stone was concerned — Shi Mu had helped an old disciple by making dozens of low-grade paper charms on his request. So, the old man had given him this stone as a reward for his conscientious work.

But, Shi Mu had to give away his water-attribute stone to the old man in exchange for this wind stone as the wind-element spirit stone was relatively scarce.

“What a pity that I don’t possess the wind-attribute induction strength. Now, I’ll have to draw support from this stone’s strength to make this paper charm,” a trace of pain appeared on Shi Mu’s face as he thought about his loss. Then, he took-out a small bottle of red ink and a small stack of deep blue magic paper from his shirt.

The blood-red ink and the stack of paper were exuding an unpleasant fishy smell. However, a glowing twinkle could be seen inside the ink bottle, and the stack of paper looked relatively thick and exquisite in comparison with the ordinary charm papers.

Shi Mu had spent a large amount of silvers to purchase these two things.

However, he didn’t have any other choice. The more complex and powerful the formula… the higher the quality of ink and paper needed.

It was said that a high-grade ink was needed to draw a high-grade formula. It was extracted from a high-level rare beast’s blood. The charm paper was also made from the skin of some formidable beast. The skin had undergone some special processes to be used for making charm papers.

However, Shi Mu didn’t need these high quality things right now. The deep-blue charm paper was enough for him.

He spread the stuff on the table. Then, he took a few deep breaths and calmed himself down. After that, he picked-up the brush and moistened it in the ink. He closed his eyes, and then abruptly opened them.

An astonishing thing happened.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s pupils enlarged to twice its original size; they had turned into a pair of pale- golden pupils.

The palm-sized piece of paper was magnified to the size of a table in his eyes. The fine texture on that charm paper – that couldn’t be seen by the naked eye – had become visible to the size of an earthworm. It could be said that he could see even the tiniest particles.

His eyesight mutation had started after the practice of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’.

His eyesight had drastically enhanced when he had started to practice this art six months ago. However, he hadn’t paid much attention to this in the beginning. But, he had realized that his eyes had gone through a strange mutation with the breakthrough to the second stage of the art. Now, his pupils would turn into a pair of pale-golden pupils if he instilled his magic power into them.

This mutation had strengthened his eyesight incredibly. Moreover, it had endowed him with an unusual ability to turn his eyes into a pair of magnifiers at his discretion. Therefore, he could magnify the things he wanted to observe closely. He could enlarge anything to more than dozens of times of its original size.

He had been shocked and scared when he had discovered this ability.

But then, he had realized that this ability could be used to draw paper charms in an efficient manner.

The success of a paper charm was determined primarily by the accuracy of the drawing – the charm characters must be drawn accurately, they must be placed at the right positions, and the magic patterns must be drawn according to the authoritative book.

The charm characters in the Charm magic weren’t independent; they were connected to each other. Therefore, a Charm magician usually took a long time to draw a paper charm as even a minute mistake could ruin the entire paper charm.

However, Shi Mu could draw a charm character with utmost accuracy and precise control by magnifying things with the help of his unusual eyesight. He had far-surpassed the ordinary charm magicians with the help of this ability.

Each Charm magician possessed a different kind of spiritual knowledge and magic power. Even their element induction-force was differed from each other’s. So, their comprehension of charm magic was also different even though they’d draw the same kind of charm symbol.

This meant that Shi Mu couldn’t directly copy the magic charm given in ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’. He would have to draw-up a magic charm first. Afterwards, he would successfully draw the perfect duplicate of the magic charm with the support of his eyesight’s magnification ability.

The high-grade charms were still a challenge to him. But, he had achieved eighty-to-ninety percent accuracy in drawing the low-grade charms. This had made him extremely excited.

Other Charm magicians could draw a successful paper charm after dozens of trials. But, Shi Mu’s case was different. Therefore, he had been able to earn huge resources during the past six months.

Shi Mu concentrated his eyes on the paper. Then, he sucked-in a long breath. He held the blue spirit stone in one hand, and the brush in the other. He dipped the brush in the red ink. Then, he began to draw on the blue charm paper at a very slow speed; his speed was twenty-or-thirty times slower than his normal drawing-speed. It seemed as if he was embroidering the pattern and characters. He observed every minute stroke on the paper with his outstanding eyes.

Surprisingly, he finished drawing the first character in a short time.

A faint trace of perspiration appeared on his forehead.

However, he was totally unaware of it; it seemed as if he was unconscious. He continued to draw the second and the third character in the same way…

The charm characters of the ‘Body Lifting Charm’ soon filled the entire paper. Shi Mu was sweating profusely; so much so that his shirt had plastered to his back.

A few minutes later…

The ninth character dazzled brightly as Shi Mu drew it. He realized that something wasn’t right. But, before he could do anything… the charm character ruptured and turned into a mass of blue light.

Suddenly, the entire piece of charm paper got reduced to ashes amid the glaring light.

Shi Mu wrinkled his brows as he saw this. Then, he put the brush down with an expressionless face.

He was quite familiar with these incidents. This had happened countless times in the past six months. He’d always ended up witnessing this explosive sight the first time he’d draw a new charm.

He stood completely motionless. He then closed his eyes and tried to recall every minute detail of the process. But, he couldn’t find anything suspicious. Then, he turned around in a dejected manner. After that, he sat down on his bed and started to meditate to calm his mind down.

He opened his eyes after a short while. A trace of happiness could be seen flashing across them. His face revealed a trace of clear understanding.

Suddenly, he shot his hands and sprang-out of his bed. He strode to the desk and spread-out another piece of deep-blue charm paper on the table. He thought for a moment. Then, he began to draw on the second paper charm.

His drawing-speed was a little faster than the previous time. The strokes that had previously troubled him were drawn in an extremely coherent and smooth manner this time. Eventually, the entire twelve characters had been drawn accurately on the paper; they composed a seemingly abstruse magic charm.



Chapter 89: Thirteen Cuts in One Breath

Shi Mu finished drawing the second magic charm in an efficient manner. He noticed that the pattern he had drawn on the charm paper was identical to the sample recorded in ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’. His heart brimmed with happiness. He put down the brush, and started to read some sort of an incantation. Then, he pinched the paper charm and shook it with the support of his magic power.

However, nothing happened. It seemed as if the magic charm was nothing more than a piece of an ordinary scrap paper. It didn’t respond.

He tried again, but nothing happened.

He flung the charm aside with a despondent sigh. Then, he went to his bed and sat down cross-legged. Soon, he fell into a deep meditative state.

Shi Mu opened his eyes after a while. He seemed to have figured-out the problem. Then, he picked-up the brush, and started to draw for the third time.

He tried to infuse his magic powers in the piece of paper after half-an-hour. However, the paper got self-ignited, and the magic charm failed for the third time.

Almost twelve hours passed…

Shi Mu was still sitting by his stone table. His pupils were pale-golden, and he was moving his brush with rapt attention.

This was the seventh paper charm that he was working on. The previous paper charms had received the same fate. They had failed because a certain character hadn’t turned-up correctly. His attempts had failed even if all characters had been drawn perfectly since the charm paper had destroyed themselves to ashes in the last step of instilling magic power.

The wind element spirit-stone in his hand had lost its radiance with the passage of time. It was clear that the spiritual energy inside it wasn’t abundant.

He was drawing the magic charm according to the method based on some sort of ‘Synchronous Spirit Filling Technique’ recorded in the ancient book. According to it, he could fill the spirit immediately-after drawing the charm. He could save plenty of time in this manner.

However, Shi Mu’s complexion turned pale as the seventh paper charm also turned into a piece of scrap paper.

He sucked in a long breath, and then exhaled it. He repeated this a few times until his mind had regained its tranquility. Then, he took-out the jade slip of ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’ and placed it against his forehead. He gesticulated something with his other hand at the same time.

His eyes flashed after a while. Then, he slowly put the jade slip down.

He had finally figured-out the point where he had been committing mistakes while going through the book.

He controlled his breathing once again, and sat down on the stone bed. He returned to the table once he was sure that his magic power had been stabilized. He muttered as he picked-up the brush, “I mustn’t repeat the same mistake again. I didn’t know that this ‘Body Lifting Technique’ would be so hard to finish. Anyways, this charm is composed of twelve low-level charm characters. It doesn’t even constitute a middle-level charm. But, it’s one of the most difficult charms to draw among the low-grade charms. The charms that I’ve drawn so far had just five or six characters. If I hadn’t got my hands on the wind element spirit stone… then drawing this ‘Body Lifting Charm’ would’ve been next to impossible. I’ve also practiced several times beforehand… and have made a lot of low-grade charms. So, I still hope to accomplish this task. Other magician-practitioner can’t do it. So, I should truly rely on this…”

He couldn’t finish his words.

Suddenly, his face became dignified as his eyes shrank. Then, they dilated and turned into a pair of golden pupils. He had used this strange technique of ‘Spirit Eye’ to its full extent this time.

The blue charm paper appeared even larger than before; even its texture seemed more exquisite.

Shi Mu settled his mind. Then, he held his breath and bent his head. He started to draw the eighth paper charm with utmost attention.

Some strange feelings started to bubble-up in his heart as he drew the charm character. He had never experienced these feelings before. Suddenly, he felt that the brush had become extremely heavy. But, it still moved in a free and smooth manner.

He spent double time to draw this charm.

The twelfth character was finally drawn in a perfect manner. Suddenly, the pattern drawn on that paper charm emanated a mild-blue light with a ‘puff’ sound. Then, an invisible wind element force emerged out of it and started to swirl above the paper charm.

“Finally, the job is done.”

Shi Mu was delighted as he saw this. His eyes returned to their normal state, and everything before his eyes resumed to its original size.

He brimmed with happiness as he picked-up the ‘Body Lifting Charm’. It radiated a faint-blue light. He looked at it carefully. He noticed that several mysterious and complex red spirit lines were twined together on top of the blue charm paper. They constituted a delicate and mysterious pattern. In fact, a person’s eyes would get stuck on it the moment they fell on it.

Shi Mu’s eyes revealed a trace of excitement. He was impatient to try the power of the Body Lifting Technique.

He held the charm between his fingers. Then, he instilled his Real Qi into it. Suddenly, the blue paper charm ignited on its own. After that, a mass of blue-colored energy emerged out of the flames. Shi Mu pressed the burning paper charm to his skin.

“Puff” a light sound echoed.

A blue light sparked with that sound. Suddenly, Shi Mu felt that he was shrouded by an invisible layer of blue energy; it felt gentle and warm.

He felt as if his body had become very light. The weight of his body had reduced terrifically; so much so that even a gust of wind could blow him away.

Shi Mu was awestruck; he checked his body from top-to-bottom. He couldn’t find even the slightest of changes. He pounded his fists and kicked his legs a few times. He tried to move his limbs in every possible manner. He finally realized that they were lighter than before. He couldn’t help but relate this to the word ‘lithe’.

It was a marvelous feeling.

Suddenly, his mind was struck by a brilliant brainwave. He felt like trying his ‘Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade Art’.

He turned around to grasp the blade that lay on his bed. A cold light flashed as he picked-up that shining steel blade.

He concentrated his mind. He then poured his Real Qi into the blade through his arms with the help of the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’. The surface of the blade got covered by a thin layer of white light. Suddenly, his blade quivered and issued a faint sound… like that of a tiger or a dragon’s roar.

“Ha!”

A strange light flashed in Shi Mu’s eyes like an electric current. He shouted-out loud as he made a stroke in the air with his blade. Suddenly, the snowy-white light on the blade’s surface trembled and divided into twelve blade-shadows. Then, the fierce blade-wind flooded the entire room like tsunami.

“Thirteen cuts!”

Shi Mu waited for the blade-shadows to dissipate. Then, he looked at the wall and saw thirteen distinct traces on its surface. This meant that he could temporarily achieve the consummate stage of the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade Art’ with the support of the Body-Lifting Charm.

He wielded his blade in the air one more time. The white light of his blade blossomed around him like a noble snow lotus. Then, it shrouded his entire body.

Shi Mu continued to attempt the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade Art’ for some time. Finally, the effect of the ‘Body Lifting Charm’ dissipated. The misty-white blade shadows also dispersed then.

Shi Mu stood motionless with the blade in his hand. His eyes revealed a thoughtful expression.

The strikes of his blade had been continuous. Moreover, the Real Qi of the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’ flowed smoothly within his body. This made his entire body blaze with energy. It seemed that his overwhelming strength was about to burst out of his body. But, he felt as if an unclear hindrance would appear in his way. He had achieved the consummate stage of the blade art with magnificent thirteen cuts. However, he felt that he wouldn’t be able to unleash the utmost strength of his blade.

“There’s a rumor attached to this ‘Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade Art’. Some people say that this art is a Xian Tian level art… but it has been artificially dismantled into thirteen series.” Suddenly, Shi Mu remembered a few words related to the art. These words were spoken by his former instructor – Li Cang Hai.

Now, he had finally understood the crux of his words. He felt that Li Cang Hai might have been right.

But, he didn’t let this thought linger in his mind for long.

Right now, his priority was to make maximum use of the spirit stone, and draw as many Body-Lifting charms as possible – before the spiritual energy of the stone got completely consumed-up. After all, this magic charm would play a major role in increasing his strength.



Chapter 90: Availing a Convenient Weapon

Shi Mu was in high spirits. He spread another piece of charm paper on the stone table. Then, he stabilized his mind, and started to draw another charm in a smooth manner.

Now, he had a successful precedent to refer to. Therefore, his speed was faster than before.

It was evening by the time Shi Mu finished drawing the third copy of the Body Lifting Charm. However, he was regretful since he could draw the charm only twice before the spiritual energy of the wind element spirit stone got exhausted.

He got lost in thoughts as he gazed at the two successful copies. He realized that the ability of his miraculous eyesight had started to appear weaker as the complexity of the magic charms increased.

However, he was satisfied with his progress. An ordinary Charm magician would have to rely on his perception if he were to come across such a complex magic charm. Therefore, his success rate would be lower than Shi Mu’s.

Shi Mu had made a breakthrough to the third stage of the ‘Art of Accumulating Spirit Power’ and the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’. He also had the Body Lifting Charm up his sleeve. So, he would have a favorable chance to struggle through-to the high ranks in the annual competition. After all, the awards for the quarterly competition couldn’t be placed in the same league as the great rewards offered for the victories in annual competition.

However, he needed to prepare a powerful weapon. He felt that his current blade was an ordinary blade that couldn’t withstand the might of his Real Qi. He had realized this while practicing the ‘Thirteen Series of Gale-Force Blade Art’ a while ago. Therefore, he had been unable to display his entire strength.

He thought about the situation carefully. Then, he returned to his bed and sat down cross-legged. He exhibited the posture of ‘Five Hearts towards Heaven’[1], and began to practice the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’.

Shi Mu left his room early in the next morning. He followed the familiar path, and arrived in front of the blacksmith’s shop. This shop belonged to Zhao family of the Flaming Beast Group.

“Brother Shi, you’re a very busy person. How did you spare time to visit my small shop? Could it be that you are looking for this Elder Brother to forge something for you?” Zhao Ping spotted Shi Mu from a distance. He welcomed him with a broad smile.

“Brother Zhao, you’re making fun of me. It’s just that the competition is around the corner. So, I’m looking for a good weapon. I think you’re the only person who can do this task efficiently,” Shi Mu replied with a smile.

Shi Mu had visited this place every time he had come to purchase pills in the past six months.

The tools and gadgets recorded in the Secret Arts of their Clan had always tempted his curiosity.

Previously, he didn’t have much money. All tasks – except forging – were so inferior that he couldn’t earn a lot of money.

However, his wealth had greatly increased in the past six months. Therefore, he had been constantly requesting Zhao Ping to forge ingenious weapons for him. As a result, the two of them had become familiar with each other with the passage of time.

“Oh! So… that’s the case. Brother Shi, please come inside,” Zhao Ping said with a chuckle.

It was early morning. So, there was no one in the shop. Even the janitor disciples hadn’t yet arrived; the room seemed lonely.

All kinds of sharp weapons were stacked-up on either side of the wooden shelves outside the shop. There were double-edged swords, halberds, Heaven and Earth Ring, Yuan Yang axes and some other mysterious weapons.

These weapons couldn’t ignite Shi Mu’s curiosity even though he had repeatedly visited the shop and had seen these weapons several times.

“I wonder what kind of weapon brother Shi wants… The weapons that you can see lined-up outside are the average pieces; the good ones are inside the room. Brother Shi, please follow me,” Zhao Ping spoke with a smile. Then, he walked inside the room.

The inner room was smaller; it was almost half the size of the outside room. Around thirty weapons were placed in the several compartments that were arranged in the room. These weapons seemed to be of high quality.

“I’m good at using knives and blades. So, I hope Brother Zhao would recommend a weapon with a hilt,” Shi Mu looked around as he said.

Zhao Ping nodded. Then, he grabbed one weapon. It was more than two feet long; it was a silver blade. He handed it over to Shi Mu and spoke, “This blade is made of seabed’s Cold Crystal; it’s as strong as iron. It’s extremely sharp and tough. Its incisive blow can slash even a strand of hair into two. It has a cold aura.”

Shi Mu grasped the blade and weighed it in his hand. Then, he knitted his brows.

The blade was incredible. But, it was too light to hold; it felt as light as a hair-strand to him.

“It’s a good blade. But, it’s too light. I’d prefer a heavier one,” Shi Mu said as he handed the blade back to Zhao Ping.

Zhao Ping was startled. This Cold Crystal Iron blade was twenty-five kilograms in weight. It was strong enough to support and withstand one’s Real Qi. Moreover, it was the best weapon for an ordinary Hou Tian warrior. Suddenly, he recalled the extraordinary strength Shi Mu had displayed when he had forged the iron pieces. Therefore, he accepted the fact.

Then, he moved and picked-up a long bronze blade. He extended it towards Shi Mu and said, “This blade was made by forging a red bronze stone. It weighs almost seventy kilograms. Brother Shi, try this one.”

Shi Mu gripped the hilt of the blade and flicked his wrist.

“Shua” “Shua…” a series of blade-shadows flashed with repetitive piercing sounds; a chilling cold aura was spread inside the room.

Suddenly, a trace of astonishment flashed through Zhao Ping’s eyes as he noticed Shi Mu’s astounding strength; he realized that Shi Mu was on the verge of stepping into Hou Tian intermediate stage. He couldn’t even see any variation in his blade’s movement.

Suddenly, the blade-shadows dissipated. Shi Mu gazed at the blade for a while. Then, he shook his head and said, “It’s still a little light. Do you have a heavier one?”

Zhao Ping was dumbfounded. This blade was enormously heavy. But, he had still found it to be light…

“This is the heaviest blade in my shop. It’s quite heavy… almost seventy kilograms…” Zhao Ping said gloomily. Then, he stopped speaking; he seemed to be lost in thoughts.

“What’s the matter, Brother Zhao?” Shi Mu noticed that Zhao Ping’s countenance had changed. So, he asked with raised eyebrows.

“If you want to have a heavier blade – a real treasure… then I do have one in my shop. But, this blade is special…” Zhao Ping spoke in a hesitant manner.

“Oh! What’s so special about it? You can talk to me without any hesitation.” Shi Mu’s eyes lit-up brightly; there was an expression of curiosity in them.

“Let me fetch it first. Then, I’ll talk about it. Brother Shi, please wait…” Zhao Ping entered a back room. He re-appeared with a long, narrow and ordinary-looking wooden case in his arms.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed. The object inside the case seemed to be extremely heavy as Zhao Ping’s veins were protruding from his muscles. In fact, it seemed that he was straining himself to walk.

“Bang!” Zhao Ping placed the box on the table with a dull ‘thumping’ sound.

Shi Mu’s eyes sparked as he opened the lid. Suddenly, a strange look flashed across his eyes.

A long and thin blade lay inside the box. It was dark-black in color. It didn’t look magnificent at the first glance. But, Shi Mu realized that it wasn’t an average blade as he took a closer look. The surface of the blade revealed a faint-black luminescence.

Shi Mu’s eyes dazzled with excitement. He grabbed the blade’s hilt and picked it up.

Suddenly, his complexion changed. The blade was extremely heavy even though it looked ordinary; it weighed at least two-hundred-and-fifty kilograms. It was hard to tell what sort of material was used to forge it.

“It’s an exquisite blade!”

Shi Mu brushed its surface with his finger. Suddenly, an ice-cold feeling transmitted through his finger. He couldn’t suppress his yearn to try it out. Therefore, he held the blade’s hilt.

A black shadow flashed as he waved his arm. It streaked across a black piece of stone kept for testing weapons.

“Crack” the piece of stone got divided into two equal halves with a mild sound. The stone was made-up of refined steel. However, it was slashed into two parts in a clean and precise manner.

Shi Mu’s eyes glittered brightly. He had slashed-off the stone without feeling any resistance. He had felt like he had cut a piece of tofu.

“Brother Shi is born with great strength! This blade is made-up of a foreign object – a meteor iron that fell on the earth. When I discovered it… I spent a huge sum of precious materials, and invested three months to forge it. And… the result was fruitful. It turned out to be incomparably sharp. I’d say that I’ve never forged such an incredible weapon in my entire life.” Zhao Ping was mesmerized as he saw Shi Mu’s swift movement. He had lifted the blade easily even though it weighed two-hundred-and-fifty kilograms. So, he was satisfied, and held his thumb up in approval. Then, he gave an introduction of the blade with pride.

“It’s really good! I want this one…” Shi Mu sized-up the black blade from top-to-bottom, and returned it to its case. Then, he nodded with satisfaction as he spoke.

“Brother Shi, don’t rush into making a decision. There’s still something about this blade that I haven’t told you yet,” Zhao Ping interrupted Shi Mu and said as he waved his hand anxiously.

Notes:

1) A meditative posture



Chapter 91: The Strange Meteoric Iron

“Brother Zhao, if you want to share something… please feel free to say it,” Shi Mu wrinkled his brows as he spoke.

“I’ve already told you that this blade is impeccable… as far as the degree of sharpness or the quality of material is concerned. But, you must be thinking that why this blade is so heavy, right? In fact, this blade is so heavy that even a martial warrior – with gifted innate strength – can’t wield it,” Zhao Ping said.

Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he heard these words. He didn’t say anything. However, a question bubbled-up in his mind.

The blade art wasn’t famous for its agility and elegancy – like sword art; it relied on swift movements and variations. So, an extremely heavy blade was more of a disadvantage rather than an advantage to an ordinary warrior who couldn’t wield it with agility.

There were only a few mighty warriors like Shi Mu who were born with an extraordinary strength. These warriors could further enhance their strength with the help of charm magic.

“I was ecstatic to discover this chunk of meteoric iron. So, I exerted painstaking efforts to forge it into a blade. But, there is something that I haven’t mentioned as yet. I’m afraid Brother Shi won’t believe me. When this weapon was forged… it weighed only fifty kilograms or a little more,” Zhao Ping smiled bitterly as he said.

“Only fifty kilograms?”

Shi Mu was astonished.

“When I had forged this blade… I didn’t have any plans to sell it right away. But, a strange thing happened – the weight of this blade continued to rise. In a span of one month… its weight was almost twice as much as its original weight. By the end of the second month… its weight had increased by fifty kilograms,” Zhao Ping sighed as he explained.

“Did this strange thing really occur?” Shi Mu asked; he couldn’t believe this story.

“It’s hard to believe. But, this is an absolute truth. Since then… it has been constantly gaining weight – but at a slower rate. It weighs two-hundred-and-fifty kilograms as of now. It’s expected to become heavier in the future. No one can wield this weapon since it has become so heavy. So, it’s lying in the shop… unwanted,” Zhao Ping said with a bitter smile.

“This is bewildering. The reason behind its increasing weight must be the quality of its material – the meteoric iron,” Shi Mu said.

It was unprecedented for a blade to get heavier without any reason. But, the story didn’t seem to be a lie as far as Zhao Ping’s expressions were concerned.

“I also think so. I asked a few experts to examine this blade. But, nobody could recognize this material. If Brother Shi doesn’t mind the fact that this blade might get even heavier than now… then I’d like you to have it. But, the price would be exorbitant. Still… I’ll be glad to sell this blade,” Zhao Ping said with a sigh.

“Well… this blade is so mysterious that I really wish to have it. May I ask the price?” Shi pondered for a while. Then, he asked without any hesitation.

He had a feeling that his physical strength would rise with his progress in the ‘Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants’. Therefore, he was least concerned about the blade’s growing weight. Zhao Ping hesitated for a moment. Then, he raised five fingers.

“Fifty-thousand silvers?” Shi Mu’s brows wrinkled as he asked.

“It’s five-hundred-thousand silvers.”

Shi Mu’s face became pale as he heard the figure.

“Brother Shi, I’m not demanding an exorbitant price. I’ve already told you that I spent innumerable precious materials to forge this blade. I even used some precious stones and stuff that are used only for magic weapons. This five-hundred-thousand silvers will barely cover the cost.” Zhao Ping noticed the change in Shi Mu’s complexion. So, he added a few more words of explanation.

However, his words failed to soothe Shi Mu’s knitted brows.

Shi Mu had only four-hundred-thousand silvers or so; even if he added-up all his money. Perhaps, he must take-up some task to cover-up the shortage of one-hundred-thousand silvers since it wasn’t a negligible sum of money. This black blade had satisfied him in every respect. However, it was illogical to spend all his money to purchase this weapon.

“How about this – you can pay sixty percent of the amount if you don’t have sufficient funds… As for the remaining amount… you must make some magic charms for me. Then, it’ll be counter-balanced… What say?” Zhao Ping noticed Shi Mu’s hesitation. Suddenly, he thought of an idea. Then, he came up with the suggestion.

“Well… this idea is good. But, I’d like to know what kind of magic charms Brother Zhao wants me to make?” Shi Mu’s eyes sparkled as he nodded.

“Brother Shi, just wait a moment.” Zhao Ping’s face beamed with happiness. He hurriedly turned around and went back into the inner room. He returned with a piece of white paper, and handed it over to Shi Mu.

“Well… it’s settled then.”

Shi Mu threw a cursory glance at the content and nodded in agreement.

“Brother Shi… please feel relieved. I’ll send someone to deliver the materials to make these charms.” Zhao Ping felt exhilarated as he saw that everything had gone smoothly.

Shi Mu nodded. Then, he took out three-hundred-thousand silver notes from his shirt and gave them to Zhao Ping.

“Oh! By the way… Brother Zhao, you mentioned that you used some magic material to forge this blade. So, I wonder if I can inscribe some magic characters on it to turn into a genuine magic weapon…” Shi Mu thought for a while and then asked.

Shi Mu didn’t know much about magic weapons. However, he had come across a few of them in ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’. He knew that some weapons could transform into magic weapons once some magic characters were attached to them. Then, these weapons could be bestowed with magic powers. As a result, they’d become far mightier than any ordinary weapon.

For instance, a weapon could exude rotating flames if some fire element magic characters were imprinted on it. Therefore, the magic weapons commanded incredible might in comparison to ordinary weapons.

However, not all weapons could be turned into a magic weapon. The reason was simple – a material of extremely high quality was needed to promote an ordinary weapon to a magic weapon. An ordinary weapon couldn’t withstand magic powers.

It was said that some mystical weapons were far superior to any magic weapons. They belonged to the realm of godly power; they even had their own intelligence.

It was also said that there was fiercer and abstruse existence above spirit tools. But, that was far beyond Shi Mu’s reach…

“I thought about this once. It’s true that I know the ways to make magic weapons. Unfortunately, this blade became more solid after it was forged. So, an ordinary flame couldn’t smelt it… forget about imprinting patterns on it.” Zhao Ping shook his head and threw a wry smile.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard these words.

The only reason he wanted to spend such a huge amount of money for this blade was its special material quality. He wanted to transform it into a magic weapon later.

“But, it isn’t impossible. I once heard from a senior disciple in the Flaming Beast Group that Young Master Ju of the General Library has a Golden lizard. It has been summoned from another space. That lizard’s spitted-venom has the power to corrode almost all kind of metals. The venom could make this metal a bit soft,” Zhao Ping hurriedly added as he noticed the change in Shi Mu’s complexion.

“Really?!” Shi Mu was dumbfounded.

“Yes, it’s true. I even saw that senior disciple beg Young Master Ju for a bit of the lizard’s venom. Then, he imprinted magic characters on his high-quality long sword… which was previously impossible to dent. The venom was extremely fierce. This black blade has a special material quality. But, it’s still a metal. So, there won’t be any issue,” Zhao Ping replied in a confident manner.

“Brother Zhao, thanks a lot for your guidance. Now, I must pay Young Master Ju a visit.” Shi Mu pondered for a moment. Then, he clasped his hands across his chest and spoke respectfully. Then, he returned the black blade into the wooden box. After that, he picked-up the box and hurriedly walked-out of the shop.

He arrived at the second floor of the General Library half-an-hour later.

“Well… how are you kid? Why did you show-up here this time?” he had barely set his foot on the floor when a shrill voice resounded.

The parrot in the huge golden cage started to flap its wings when he saw him. Then, it tilted its head to look at Shi Mu, and shouted out loudly.



Chapter 92: To Communicate with another Dimension

“I’m looking for Young Master Ju. Is he available?” Shi Mu strolled his eyes around the General Library as he spoke. But, he couldn’t see the familiar mountain-like shadow anywhere.

“Master Ju is practicing in another room. So, you’ll have to wait here,” the parrot replied in an impatiently. Then, it started to comb and prune its wings with its beak.

Shi Mu nodded. Then, he started to look for a chair.

He had visited the General Library several times during the past six months. Therefore, he had become close to Young Master Ju. He had met this shouting parrot a number of times as well.

Young Master Ju had started to value him even more once he had got the hang of making magic charms. He felt that Shi Mu had more potential than any other disciple.

Shi Mu had seized the opportunity to learn several techniques related to charm and formulas magic from Young Master Ju.

“Young boy, what do you wish to talk to the Master about?” Cai – the parrot — waited for a moment. But, it got bored since Shi Mu didn’t speak anything. So, it asked.

Shi Mu heard the question. However, he didn’t answer Cai. Instead, he shot a glance at it and asked, “Cai, you’ve been with Young Master Ju for so long. Are you aware of a golden lizard that Master Ju has summoned from another dimension?”

“Oh… you are talking about that annoying lizard. Of course, I know it. It can only rely on its coarse and thick skin. It almost bit me once. I’ll swallow it alive… sooner or later,” the parrot replied angrily.

Shi Mu’s eyes lit-up as he heard this.

“Why are you asking about that lizard?” the parrot squinted its eyes and asked Shi Mu.

Shi Mu hesitated for a moment. But then, he brought up the matter of him going to request one bottle lizard’s venom from Young Master Ju.

The parrot flapped its wings as he listened to him. Meanwhile, a strange look flashed through its eyes; there was a touch of consideration in them. However, it remained silent with its beak tightly shut.

“So, do you know anything about it?” Shi Mu’s heart was beating fast.

The parrot glanced at Shi Mu, but remained silent. Suddenly, it outstretched its wings and patted the small bowl in the cage with its wings. It was an indication for Shi Mu to put something in its bowl.

A mild smile spread across Shi Mu’s face as he saw this. He quickly fished out a few black nuts from his bosom. Those nuts were the size of an infant’s fist. Then, he threw them into its bowl.

The parrot issued a cheerful cry. Then, it picked up one nut with its beak and swallowed it. A contented look flashed across its eyes.

Shi Mu burst-out laughing as he saw this.

The parrot knew a lot of important information even though it was boisterous. Therefore, Shi Mu always carried the parrot’s favorite food – a kind of a round fruit – whenever he visited this place.

“Cai, you can say it now.”

“Tsk… wait for the Master… You can request him to help you… Master Ju is carrying out an experiment. So, he’s running out of money… Your request will be fulfilled if you can support him financially…” the parrot clicked its tongue and replied in an ambiguous manner as he continued to enjoy the flavor of its foods.

Shi Mu revealed a pensive expression as he heard these words. Then, he nodded.

Young Master Ju’s needed something. This was a good sign for Shi Mu since he was afraid that Young Master Ju might turn him down.

“By the way… Tsk… Wait for him… then request as much as possible… Tsk… Make that fat and stupid lizard spit-out venom… Tsk…” The trace of a sinister smile spread across the parrot’s face. But then, it quickly restrained itself and resumed its solemn expression. Afterwards, it continued to devour the nuts.

Shi Mu felt like laughing as he heard this. It seemed that this giant parrot had suffered a lot on account of that golden lizard. Therefore, it was thinking of a way to take its revenge.

“Request as much as possible? Cai, it seems that you’ve got a lot of feathers these days. Do you want me to help you pull-out the colorful ones from your tail?” Suddenly, a huge mountain-like person appeared in front of the cage.

It was Young Master Ju. He fiercely stared at the parrot’s cage as he scolded it.

“Master, please forgive me! Please don’t pull-out my tail-feathers! The two that you had previously plucked-out have grown back with great difficulty.” The parrot was frightened; so much so that it dropped half of the nut from its beak. Then, it hastily covered its head with its wings, and hid its tail under its body. It then begged in quivering voice.

“I’ll deal with you later,” Young Master Ju snorted as he ignored the garrulous parrot. Then, his eyes turned and fell on Shi Mu.

“Young Master Ju…” Shi Mu had risen from his chair. He respectfully clasped his hands across his chest and greeted Young Master Ju.

Young Master Ju looked at him from head-to-toe, but remained silent. Suddenly, a hesitant expression appeared across his face.

“Young Master Ju, your humble disciple has come to ask you a favor…”

“There’s no need to say it again. I’m not deaf. I’ve heard the conversation you had with this boisterous parrot.” Shi Mu had uttered only a few words when he was interrupted by Young Master Ju.

The parrot revealed one of its eyes from the cover of its feathers as it heard these words. Then, it dug its head back into its feathers with a ‘whiz’ sound.

“Will Young Master Ju bestow me with a bottle of the golden lizard’s venom? I’ll compensate you with whatever I’ve got right now,” Shi Mu’s thought for a moment, and then asked.

“I don’t need money. Keep your poor amount of money in your pocket. I don’t care for it. I’ll give you one bottle of venom for free. But… I want you to help me in exchange for my favor,” Young Master Ju replied with a smile.

Shi Mu’s complexion changed as he heard this.

Young Master Ju was an elder in the Sect. He had extraordinary skills and profound cultivation. How could a kid like him help such a proficient man?

“May I ask Young Master Ju to please enlighten me? What kind of help do you want from me?” Shi Mu remained silent for a while. He then asked.

“As that clumsy bird just said… I’m performing an experiment of Soul Arts. I was trying to communicate with another realm. But then… I got stuck. I know that you’ve hit five degrees in spatial-sensing. So, you should be able to help me,” Young Master Ju explained.

“Communicating with a different dimension?! Can this be dangerous? You must be aware that this disciple has just become a magician-practitioner,” Shi Mu replied with a bitter smile.

“I can’t say that it’s one-hundred percent safe. But, you don’t need to worry about it. There won’t be any problem if you follow my instructions at the appointed time. I’ve communicated with other dimensions’ living beings a couple of times. I’m experienced in this process. So, you can trust me,” the obese man threw a glance at the parrot as he spoke haughtily.

“So, that’s how it is.” Shi Mu nodded as he thought about this matter.

“The dimension I’m preparing to contact is called the ‘Dead Spirit World’. There has never been a Soul Magician who could summon a living creature from another dimension to our world. You’ll return safe and sound as long as you don’t provoke those mighty creatures.” Young Master Ju noticed that Shi Mu was indecisive. Therefore, he explained to ease his tension.

“This is an extremely important matter. Can Young Master Ju allow a few days to this disciple to consider it carefully?” Shi Mu said discretely.

“Certainly! But, you must give me an answer within five days… regardless of whether you accept it or not. I’ll go ahead with my experiment in any case. I’ll hold the communication ritual irrespective of whether you participate or not…” the obese man stated in an indifferent tone.

“Young Master Ju, this disciple will take his leave now.” Shi Mu bowed and bid his farewell.

“Go!” The obese man beckoned with his hand.



Chapter 93: The Mysterious Array of the Soaring Star

Shi Mu reached his stone house in a few minutes. He sat down cross-legged on his stone bed, and started to gaze at the long black blade that hung on one of the walls. His brows furrowed as the trace of an irresolute expression flashed across his face.

He kept thinking about Young Master Ju’s proposal throughout the day.

He had spent a huge sum of money to purchase the black meteoric iron blade. It would be a complete waste of the natural resources if he couldn’t turn it into a magic weapon.

Shi Mu didn’t trust Young Master Ju’s words in an absolute manner. However, he was intrigued by the mystery of interacting with a different dimension. Moreover, he was interested in the strange creatures of the other dimensions… such as the golden lizard.

In addition, he could get an opportunity to find a couple of animals from another realm if he were to extend his support to Young Master Ju.

Young Master Ju seemed to be proficient in this field as both the golden lizard and the giant parrot were summoned by him from different dimensions. Therefore, Shi Mu didn’t need to worry about his safety under this veteran’s watch.

Moreover, Shi Mu was familiar with the obese man’s disposition. He knew that Young Master Ju was a discreet person. So, he wouldn’t risk his life if he wasn’t sure.

Shi Mu continued to think about the matter for a few days. Then, he finally made a firm decision.

He visited the General Library a few days later. Young Master Ju’s face started to beam with happiness as he heard that Shi Mu had agreed to assist him in establishing communication with a different dimension.

They decided to hold the ceremony three days later. The ceremony would be conducted at noon at Young Master Ju’s residence.

Young Master Ju pulled out a white jade slip, and carved his address on it. Then, he tossed it towards Shi Mu.

Shi Mu seized the opportunity to inquire more about communicating with a different dimension. Then, he departed from the General Library.

Three days later… at noontime…

Shi Mu advanced towards the foot of a black mountain under the scorching sun.

He noticed that the hill didn’t have any trees. It only had some small shrubs, and disordered flowers and plants. The ranges of the hill seemed to be made-up of a strange phosphorus rock. Only a few stone houses could be seen. They looked like mushrooms as they were clustered at different places throughout the mountain ranges.

This barren and desolate mountain peak was the thirteenth mountain peak of the Black Demon Sect.

Shi Mu had never visited this place even though he had been living nearby.

There was only one path which was made of bluestone; it was around ten feet wide. It meandered from the foot of the mountain to the top. This road branched out another long narrow road. This narrow road was connected to a twenty-or-thirty feet high, simple yet crude, stone house. A few independent two or three-storied houses could be seen scattered around.

According to Young Master Ju’s jade slip, his residence was situated in a remote place – very close to the top of the peak. It couldn’t be found by those who weren’t told the address.

Shi Mu arrived at the top of the peak after he had taken seven-to-eight turns. Finally, he located Young Master Ju’s stone house. He was about to knock when the door opened on its own.

“Hurry up, come inside! I’ve been waiting for you for so long,” an impatient voice was heard from inside the house. It was the obese man’s voice.

“Young Master Ju, please accept my apologies. I had an insight as I was deeply submerged in my practice. So, I couldn’t keep track of time… and got late.” Shi Mu spotted the mountain-like shadow as soon as he entered the house. Young Master Ju was waiting for him in the hall with an expressionless face. Shi Mu advanced towards him and apologized.

“Well… a practitioner can have a sudden enlightenment… and that’s your chance… Anyways, the preparatory work has already been completed. I was waiting for you to begin.” The obese man’s facial expression became relaxed.

Practitioners often experienced the bliss of sudden enlightenment. So, it was normal for a practitioner to forget about things during that period.

Suddenly, Shi Mu noticed a shadow in the left corner of the hall. The huge shadow was lying on the floor. It was a ten feet long monstrous lizard.

There was a horn on the beast’s head, and it had three pairs of bestial feet. Its entire body was covered in green-colored thin shells. Suddenly, its long and narrow eyes stared at Shi Mu; they were pale-green in color. The lizard seemed to be under a command that had restrained its movement. So, it lay motionless.

“Is this beast the legendary golden lizard?” Shi Mu’s eyes brightened-up as he pointed at the lizard.

“Yes… This Golden lizard’s saliva is extremely poisonous. But, it has a wondrous use as well. It has the power to melt gold… and transform it into a weapon,” Young Master Ju nodded and explained. Then, he became silent and started to walk towards a wall.

After that, he stretched out his plump hand and pressed somewhere on the wall.

“Boom” a loud sound was heard.

Suddenly, a stone door emerged on the smooth wall with a thunderous sound. It revealed a dark passageway.

“The ceremony will be carried-out in this secret room. Follow me!” the obese man turned around and said. Then, he entered the passageway.

Shi Mu followed him hastily.

They walked down the spiral passage for some time. Then, they finally entered the secret room. The room was forty feet long and ten feet wide.

The walls of the entire room had been illuminated with butter torches.

This room was made-up of a stone similar to that of the house. A huge circular pattern was spread over the entire floor. There was no decoration in the room; it was empty.

Shi Mu noticed that this gigantic circular pattern had a little resemblance with the pattern that he had seen in the General Library. The biggest difference was that there were more than six indentations in this pattern. Five egg-sized indentations were evenly distributed throughout the circle. But, the sixth and last one was as big as a human head; it was situated in the center of the pattern. The center was the intersection where the heavenly patterns and charm characters crowded intensively.

Shi Mu’s expressions changed as he saw this.

He recalled that according to the book ‘Comprehensive Introduction to Formula Arts’, considerable consumption of spirit power was needed once a huge and complex circular formulas pattern like this was activated. Therefore, one must keep spirit stones for the supply of a steady flow of energy. The bigger formulas needed the specialist to constantly replace the spirit stones.

These five smaller indentations would be the place where the spirit stones were supposed to be placed; the bigger one would be placed at the center of this arrangement.

A trace of excitement flashed through Shi Mu’s eyes.

He realized that the slip of ‘Comprehensive Introduction to Formula Arts’ was about the elementary knowledge of the formula art. There were only a few complete formulas in it. And now, he had gotten the chance to see one of these formulas with his own eyes. He wished to carve it in his memory – so that he could study it in detail after he had returned to his own place.

Shi Mu noticed that Young Master Ju was inspecting the formula. He seemed to have no time to pay attention to Shi Mu.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s pupils got enlarged by one fold. Each charm character was magnified ten times in his golden pupils. Every character became extremely clear to him.

He noticed that some complex charm characters in the circle were the combination of a few simple characters of the five elements. Also, every complex character was vaguely connected by some heavenly patterns.

Suddenly, Young Master Ju stood-up. He seemed to have finished inspecting the circular formula.

The golden color disappeared from Shi Mu’s eyes as he saw this. His eyes resumed to their normal state in an instant.

“This circular formula is called ‘The Mysterious Array of the Soaring Star’. It’s one of the space-attribute circular arrays. We’ll have to rely on it to perform the ceremony… I think it’s extremely difficult for you to grasp this. It would be good if you don’t aim too high since it’s beyond your perception.” The obese man sensed that Shi Mu was interested in the complex pattern that was drawn on the floor. So, he chuckled and cautioned.



Chapter 94: The Art of Capturing Spirits

“Thank you so much for your guidance, Young Master Ju.”

Shi Mu cupped his hands in obeisance and expressed his gratitude.

“Shi Mu, do you know what conditions are required for a Soul Magician to communicate with the other world?” The obese man sized him up a few times. Then, he changed the topic of the conversation.

Shi Mu shook his head in a puzzled manner.

“Remember – a Soul Magician needs to fulfill three major conditions in order to establish communication with other dimensions. First – one must have the remains of a strong living creature from a different dimension. Second – one should know the exact position of that dimension. Third – one must have a strong space sensing ability,” Young Master Ju raised three fingers as he explained.

Shi Mu became absorbed in thoughts as he heard this.

“We’ve to communicate with the Dead Spirit World. And, the first two conditions have been met. But, my space sensing ability isn’t powerful enough. So, I can’t rely on it. Maybe that why I’ve failed thrice… So, I asked you to help me,” Young Master Ju explained the true reason for asking for Shi Mu’s help.

Shi Mu gazed at the circular array as he heard this. Suddenly, his heart was struck by a realization. He understood what Young Master Ju wanted him to do.

The obese man noticed that Shi Mu had grasped his point. So, he nodded in satisfaction. Then, he explained some matters and theories related to this communication ceremony that a soul magician must know in order to cope with any contingency.

Shi Mu listened in a careful manner. Soon, everything became clear to him. A Soul Magician could plant his spirit mark into the body of any feeble creature living in the other dimension… if his spirit succeeded in reaching there in a smooth manner. Then, he could summon this creature through a corresponding means once he returned to his own world. The creature would become his permanent slave once he had established a contract with it.

Shi Mu thought of the Golden lizard as he heard this. That lizard was Young Master Ju’s spirit pet. Shi Mu couldn’t stop his heart from beating faster as he recalled the conspicuous and astonishing ability that lizard possessed.

“Young Master Ju, can I look for a spirit pet for myself in the Dead Spirit World?” Shi Mu asked hesitantly.

“Cough… To be honest, there aren’t any issues in that. But, you aren’t an official Soul Magician. So, it would be almost impossible for you to grasp the technique of planting a spirit mark… that too in such a short period of time. But, I can make an exception. I can impart the simplest way of ‘Capturing Spirit Technique’ to you. But, this technique can only be executed if the practitioner possesses enough spirit power. But, the technique would be very simple to grasp.” The obese man’s eyebrows creased as he heard Shi Mu’s question. But then, he replied.

“Thanks a lot, Young Master Ju!”

Shi Mu’s face beamed with happiness as he heard that he could learn a magic art for free. He bowed to Young Master Ju with respect.

“Don’t thank me in advance. First listen to what this old man has to say… then decide later whether you can comprehend it or not. This technique is quite simple to comprehend. But, it doesn’t come without downsides. This technique is excessively shallow. You can capture a creature… but it must be tenfold weaker than your current spirit power. In addition, since you’ll be stepping across the world… the effect of this art wouldn’t be small. So, considering your spirit power as a magician-practitioner… this old man reckons that you only look for the smallest and weakest creatures – like worms or insects. There’s no way that you can plant your mark on a stronger creature.” The obese man Ju mused for a moment. Then, he blurted out everything related to this matter.

“I can capture only insects as my spirit pet?”

Shi Mu’s brows furrowed.

“Besides, the spirit of a Soul Magician can stay in a different dimension for only a limited period of time. As per my experience… my soul can stay in a different world for a time a person takes to finish a small cup of tea. Considering your spirit power as a magician-practitioner… you can probably stay there for a dozen or more breaths’ time. It would be extremely difficult to find an appropriate living creature in this short period of time – let alone plant the spirit mark,” the obese man shook his head as he explained further.

Shi Mu’s complexion turned unsightly as he heard these words. Then, he became silent.

“Even if you gain access to the Dead Spirit World without a hitch… the summoning ceremony wouldn’t be that easy afterwards. It costs a considerable amount of resources to carry out this process. Moreover, luck plays an important role. I sacrificed almost every penny I had to summon this rotten parrot. And… the outcome is so pathetic! This lousy parrot bawls all day long; it’s absolutely worthless. This shatters me from inside. Well… now I’ve explained everything to you. Do you still want to attempt it?” the man groaned a few times as he thought about the lousy parrot that had cost him his every penny; his complexion had become gloomy.

“This disciple still wants to try his luck. I hope Young Master Ju would help me.” Shi Mu mulled over it several times. Finally, he decided to give it a shot.

“You’re extremely determined… So, I’ll give you half-an-hour to practice this ‘Capturing Spirit Technique’. You can come to me in case you get stuck somewhere.” Young Master Ju didn’t argue further. A grey slip appeared in his right hand as he flipped it. He then placed it against his forehead, and started to record the ‘Art of Capturing Spirits’.

He flicked his right hand after a while. The grey slip fell into Shi Mu’s hand. Then, Young Master Ju sat down cross-legged in front of the huge circular formula. He closed his eyes and sank into a deep meditation.

Shi Mu didn’t disturb him. Instead, he found a corner and sat down cross-legged. He pasted the grey jade slip on his forehead, and started to memorize its contents.

The formula of the magic art was small and simple. Therefore, Shi Mu memorized it quickly.

This art was indeed easy to comprehend – as Young Master Ju had said. Shi Mu had already started to practice it with closed eyes.

The charm characters started to swirl within his mind in a continuous manner. His lips would occasionally move. Simultaneously, his finger would gesticulate something in the air. He took the help of Young Master Ju only once throughout the entire process.

The obese man readily gave him directions to clear his doubts.

Shi Mu opened his eyes after half-an-hour. A strange glint flashed across his pupils. Suddenly, his lips moved as his right hand pulled-out a strange magic art. Then, a pale white charm character floated out of his palm into the air. After that, it vanished into thin air.

“Your perception ability is pretty good… you grasped this art in no time.”

A faint voice was heard.

Shi Mu hadn’t noticed that Young Master Ju had stood-up; he was standing motionless.

“I was lucky to have Young Master Ju by my side to guide me in the best possible way.” Shi Mu sprang-up by pressing his palms on the floor. He smiled as he expressed his gratitude to Young Master Ju.

The obese man waved his hand towards him. Then, he rummaged in his shirt and fished-out some stuff.

These were several sparkling silver charm papers, a palm-sized piece of a black bone and five spirit stones that were twice the size of a low-grade spirit stone. All five stones were different in colors – red, yellow, green, blue, and gold. In addition, there was also a round earthen silver bowl with a pair of birds imprinted on its surface. These birds had just one leg.

Shi Mu was startled to see the five spirit stones.

They seemed similar to the rumored middle-level spirit stone – considering their size and the rich spiritual power emitted by them.

The dark piece of bone seemed to be some kind of animal’s skull on the basis of its structure. However, it was badly damaged, and there were multiple cracks over its surface. So, it was extremely hard to tell which living creature it had belonged to.

Then, Shi Mu’s eyes moved and got stuck on the earthen silver bowl.

Innumerable tiny charm characters were engraved on its surface. They looked like stars. They were linked by some sort of rules. However, that design of those one-legged birds’ pair seemed a little inharmonious from these swarm of characters.



Chapter 95: Chaotic Space

The preparations seemingly took a long time. However, they had taken only a fraction of a second in reality.

The obese man didn’t wait for Shi Mu to see the earthen silver bowl properly. He placed it in the center of the circular pattern. Then, he placed the five middle-level spirit stones in their respective indentations around the circle.

“This paper charm contains the record of the Dead Spirit World’s spatial coordinates. You stick the paper charm to the piece of bone as soon as I activate this magic array. Then, our ceremony will begin,” the obese man spoke with a dignified expression on his face. Then, he handed over the piece of black bone and the silver paper-charm to Shi Mu.

Shi Mu held both the things carefully. He then entered the gigantic circle with the paper charm in his right hand and the piece of bone in his left. He sat down cross-legged on the floor, and faced the direction of the silver earthen bowl.

The obese man also went inside the circle, and sat down cross-legged opposite Shi Mu.

Young Master Ju’s fingers started to move extremely fast as he muttered an abstruse incantation. Shi Mu couldn’t help but gaze at Young Master Ju as several streaks of white light flashed from his palm and flew towards the bowl.

The tiny characters on the surface of the bowl lit-up. Then, a strong wave of magic power spread in all directions – like a sea-wave.

Suddenly, the charm characters and heavenly pattern on the formula of the Soaring Stars started to emit a bright luminescence. Then, a huge fluctuation started to flow in the air; so much so that the entire room was filled with a ‘droning’ sound. Some places even began to get twisted and blurred.

Suddenly, darkness spread in front of Shi Mu’s eyes. It seemed as if all the butter torches in the room had been extinguished.

Then, something strange happened.

The circular pattern underneath them began to dazzle with a miraculous glow. It exuded a layer of multicolored light, and it started to bubble-up from its surface. Then, it enveloped the both of them.

Both of them seemed to be attired in cloaks of red clouds that appeared to have been made-up of multicolored light that constituted of vibrant colors.

Suddenly, a cloud of fog – looking like silver mist – bubbled-up from the sparkling silver bowl placed in the center. Then, the silver mist whirled from the silver bowl and slowly rose-up. Its size started to expand. The star-like silver light-dots within the mist started to twinkle as it grew bigger and wider. These silver light-dots stood-out in the dark background of the room; the room had started to look like a vast and starry sky.

Shi Mu was astonished as he witnessed this mesmerizing and dream-like scene.

“What are you doing? Still gawking…”

Shi Mu jolted out of his trance as he heard Young Master Ju’s words. He then pressed the silver paper charm in his hand.

He stuck the silver paper charm on the bone piece with a loud ‘puff’ sound. Suddenly, a group of dazzling silver lights burst-out and got submerged in the bone.

“Shi Mu, you must stay close to me once we enter the chaotic space,” the obese man shot a glance at Shi Mu as he said.

“Yes!” Shi Mu restrained his awestruck heart and replied.

The obese man didn’t say anything more. Instead, he flicked his hand.

The charm characters engraved on the surface of the silver bowl responded with a flash. The pair of one-legged birds came to life in unison. They flew out of the pattern, and got submerged into their foreheads with a flash.

Shi Mu felt that his eyes had become heavy. He was under the spell of a trance before he could understand anything. Suddenly, his spirit left his body, and got attached to one of the silver birds. That bird then submerged in the bowl again.

A limitless space appeared before his eyes — it was like a vast sea with various kinds of fuzzy objects hovering on its surface. Some objects were near, while some of them were very far. Some of them were shinning, while some looked dark.

Shi Mu felt an inexplicable and distant force drawing him to its side.

“How are things with you? Have you felt the traction force of the Dead Spirit World yet?” Young Master Ju’s voice reverberated in Shi Mu’s mind.

Shi Mu was startled to discover that he had turned into a white and luminous dot. There was a bigger luminous dot next to him. It was Young Master Ju.

“Yes… I can feel it… but vaguely,” Shi Mu replied subconsciously.

“Good… good! Now, we’ll follow this traction force together. You mustn’t approach these fuzzy objects. I’ll cover you.” The obese man let out a long breath. He couldn’t conceal his excitement.

Shi Mu answered and started to follow the inexplicable force. He followed the obese man’s luminous dot as he floated forward.

This chaotic space was extremely strange. The only thing that Shi Mu could feel was complete emptiness. It was a kind of an illusion.

However, there were some strange and wonderful objects that piqued Shi Mu’s interest. Each one of them was a different and independent space according to Young Master Ju.

They continued to advance towards the distant place by following a fixed route. The inscrutable strange traction force grew stronger and clearer with the passage of time.

Shi Mu eventually started to get a little bored by seeing such a monotonous scene around him. Suddenly, he realized that a huge amount of his spirit power had already been consumed-up.

“Young Master Ju, does traveling in this chaotic space consume one’s spirit power?” Shi Mu asked anxiously.

“Of course! This goes for not only this chaotic space… but for every other space. In fact, the consumption of our spirit power in these spaces is considerably higher. Your spirit will be forcefully pulled back to your original space by the power of the circular pattern once your spirit power gets exhausted.”

A cold shiver ran down Shi Mu’s spine as he heard this.

Suddenly, he realized that his and Young Master Ju’s luminous dots were shrouded in a thin layer of multicolored rays.

Young Master Ju had explained this before. This multicolored layer was the key to ensure the return of these two people to their world.

“Don’t worry. Your spirit is much stronger than what I had expected. So, we can easily arrive at the Dead Spirit World if we don’t face any trouble on our way,” Young Master Ju’s voice resounded again.

Shi Mu felt relieved as he heard these words.

Suddenly, a glittering ray of light swept over them.

Shi Mu noticed that it was a long, narrow and shiny object – like a dagger. This object has got closer to them as they were talking; they hadn’t noticed as it had approached them.

The object was emitting a hazy and ambiguous halo; it was similar to the light of a firefly against the dark sky. Therefore, it had attracted Shi Mu’s attention.

“That’s not good… Hurry up! Come closer to me. That object is highly dangerous. You mustn’t get pulled by it!” the obese man reduced his speed as he warned Shi Mu in a loud voice.

Shi Mu was taken aback. He started to get closer to Young Master Ju’s luminous dot.

Shi Mu was about to get closer to him when an irresistible traction force pulled him towards that long and shining object. The original traction force of the chaotic space got weakened at the same time.

Shi Mu was panic-stricken. He exerted his utmost strength to resist this formidable force. Another huge strength passed from behind at the same time. It was Young Master Ju’s luminous dot.

The effort stemmed from Young Master Ju’s strong strength counter-balanced the force. However, Shi Mu was still slowly getting pulled towards that bright object.

Shi Mu was gripped by an extreme terror!



Chapter 96: The Dead Spirit World

Shi Mu’s heart sank. He had nearly given-up hope. But then, he felt that the backward-pull had increased in strength. His body felt extremely light as he got pulled back towards Young Master Ju’s luminous dot. Then, the small and big luminous dots rushed-away at lightning speed.

The traction force of that glittering object receded as it became smaller. Finally, Shi Mu heaved a sigh of relief.

He felt that the traction-force — that had previously weakened and vanished — had re-appeared.

“You got lucky this time. But, don’t expect me to help you if you get trapped again. I don’t have enough spirit power to save you again,” the obese man’s annoyed voice resounded.

“Thank you so much for your help, Young Master Ju!” Shi Mu replied in an embarrassed tone.

Young Master Ju’s spirit – as a luminous dot – flickered a few times. It seemed as if his anger hadn’t yet receded. But, he didn’t say anything more on the subject.

“Young Master Ju, what would’ve happened if I had got sucked into that shining object?” Shi Mu couldn’t restrain himself from asking the question.

“Hmm, can it be that you’re thinking about exploring an unknown space? There are many spaces that can easily erase the connection of the magic circle from your body. Then, you won’t be able to return to your body even when your spirit power gets exhausted. It’s needless to say what happens after that; you know the consequences. Anyways, let’s move quickly,” the obese man thundered angrily.

Shi Mu was silent. However, he felt a slight warmth in his heart.

A huge amount of the obese man’s spirit power had been consumed-up while displaying the magic art to pull Shi Mu out of that perilous situation. This proved one thing – Young Master Ju had a soft side, and it was full of kindness even though he was famous for his hot temperament.

They encountered several shining objects on their way. Some of them were relatively closer. But, both of them had learnt from their mistake. So, they made detours from quite afar. They didn’t bump into another mishap.

Their spirit power was about to get completely consumed-up when they finally saw a fog-shaped fuzzy object. It was emitting a black light.

Suddenly, everything became clear to Shi Mu. He realized that this fuzzy object was the source of the previous gravitational force that had led them here.

“Arrived!”

Shi Mu’s spirits were lifted as the obese man’s joyous voice resounded in his mind.

The two luminous dots got drifted towards the fog-shaped hazy object under the effect of its massive traction force.

“Bang!”

Shi Mu felt as if he had entered a mass of soft and black fog. A strange force hit his and Young Master Ju’s luminous dots as soon as they entered. This transmitted a powerful jolt to them, and they got separated from each other.

Suddenly, the light became brighter before Shi Mu’s eyes. Then, a somber world appeared in his sight. He noticed that he had turned into a hazy, grey and empty shadow. It seemed that he was floating midair like a dark cloud.

Shi Mu looked around and realized that it was a gloomy world. The sky was grey and gloomy – like a murky dusk. Moreover, the grey clouds were continuously tumbling – like a cloud of fog.

Twelve blood-red moons were hanging in the sky. They were exuding bright-red rays of light. However, these moons didn’t render any radiance. Instead, they made everything look murkier and gloomier. In fact, there wasn’t any trace of visibility.

The air was filled with black and cold winds. The grayish-black ground was covered with several mud pools; air bubbles were bubbling out of them. Piles of white skeletons of unknown creatures were floating on their surface.

Strong blasts of wind were howling across the sky. They seemed to be infused with a foul odor.

Shi Mu strove hard to adapt to the sense of gloominess that pervaded this place. The world before his eyes had lived up to its name – it was the Dead Spirit World.

Shi Mu had no clue about Young Master Ju’s whereabouts. He looked around a few times to analyze the situation. Suddenly, a burst of a clamorous fight’s sound transmitted from ahead. There seemed to be a huge number of creatures. But, Shi Mu couldn’t see them as a hill had blocked his view.

Suddenly, Shi Mu had an idea. His shadow trembled as it shot towards the hill. He had flown past the hill within a second.

The scene that appeared before his eyes… took his breath away!

There was a vast and boundless wilderness under the hill. Two armies of human skeletons were immersed in a fierce battle. They were massive in number; there were at least fifty to sixty-thousand skeletons.

A faint light was glowing in the eyes of these human skeletons. Some of them were wielding gigantic knives made of bones; some were fighting with sharp bone spears. Some of them didn’t have any weapons. Several of them seemed to be badly damaged. However, they were killing each other ceaselessly.

Some of the skeletons stood-out in a peculiar way.

Some of the skeletons were riding skeleton horses that wore black amours. Their bodies were covered in several wounds, and these wounds were discharging a watery substance. Their movement was extremely slow – like that of a zombie’s. There were some bone tigers, bone snakes and other dead creatures as well.

However, Shi Mu didn’t pay any attention to them. He was attracted by two giant creatures who were flying above the armies.

These two monstrous creatures were also indulged in a furious battle. A continual sad and shrill ear-piercing roar could be heard along with the howls of the cold gusts.

One of these monstrous creatures was a gigantic skeleton of a hound. He was nearly ninety meters long. Its huge stature was covered with rotten flesh. It was a disgusting sight. However, it couldn’t conceal the astonishing momentum with which it was soaring in the sky.

Three distinct skulls could be seen on the hound’s neck. The left one was a dead skull, and the middle one was a rotten head. The right head was alive and new; it was covered with dense black hair. But, there wasn’t any trace of flesh on it.

These heads were constantly discharging stinking saliva.

The other monstrous creature was the skeleton of a black bird. It was as huge as the hound’s. Half-rotten black feathers were hanging all over its body. They revealed large patches of white bone beneath them. Its wings were stirring-up intermittent gusts of cold wind. It had a long spur tail that was moving smoothly. It was frequently issuing shrill noises.

Both of them emitted a formidable and terrifying aura. Shi Mu had seen many powerhouses. But, he had never experienced such an astonishing might. It had far surpassed his imagination. Each of their breaths was powerful enough to grind hundreds of skeleton-soldiers into pieces.

Suddenly, the three-headed hound pounced on its opponent. Its gigantic body moved forward at an alarming speed. Then, its left head nipped one of the wings of that monstrous black bird.

The bird couldn’t dodge this attack. It let out a furious scream, and thrust its sword-like beak into the hound’s neck, while its talons grasped the hound’s lower abdomen. This attack engraved severe deep wounds on the hound’s body.

However, the hound didn’t seem to feel any pain. Instead, its other two heads set into action. They also bit the bird’s wing. Simultaneously, its sturdy forelegs grabbed the bird’s body. Then, the three heads exerted a huge strength, and tore the bird’s wing apart.

“Snap” a loud sound was heard.

A wing of the giant bird was torn apart. The bird staggered, and lost its balance. But, its beak and talons didn’t lose their grip on the hound. Therefore, the two huge creatures crashed onto the ground together.

Thousands of skeleton soldiers were crushed into pieces as the two monstrous creatures crashed on top of them. The remaining skeleton soldiers ran further away from the spot.

However, the two monsters didn’t pay any attention to them. Instead, they continued their fierce battle on the ground.

Shi Mu was dumbfounded as he saw this. Suddenly, his shadow flickered. This was an indication that he was about to dissipate.

Shi Mu felt shaken-up. He cursed himself for his negligence. He could’ve only stayed there for a short period of time since his spirit power was weak. He had wasted precious time.



Chapter 97: Planting the Mark

Shi Mu quit watching the battle between the huge creatures as this thought crossed his mind. He looked around to find a creature to plant his spirit mark on.

Only a few strange worms could be seen wiggling on the ground near him. Apart from that, a few bones were scattered around. No other form of life was visible near him.

Each of these worms were as thick as a human lip. They seemed to have made their way out of the earth to devour the scattered skeletons of other creatures.

“Will I have to pick a worm to plant my mark on…?” Shi was surprised.

He looked around anxiously. Suddenly, a loud rumble was heard from ahead. The two gigantic monsters that were entangled in their fight had got separated. In fact, the three-headed hound had been sent flying.

The black bird staggered to its feet. It then turned its gaze to look at the wing that had just been torn. Its eyes blazed with fury as it issued a blood-curdling scream. Then, it stretched its mouth wide open, and spouted a massive yellow whirlwind.

Bang!

Suddenly, the huge stature of the hound flew into the sky as a huge whirlwind condensed, and struck it.

The surrounding skeleton soldiers were also affected by the whirlwind. Numerous skeletons were sent flying into the sky along with sand and rolling pebbles. They were then thrown in different directions by the strong whirlwind.

Bang! Bang!

Around ten skeleton soldiers crashed onto the ground near Shi Mu. Most of them smashed into pieces right away. The area around him started to flood with countless shining fragments of white bones. However, one of the skeletons didn’t shatter into pieces like the others; only one of its arms was broken. Suddenly, the skeleton staggered to its feet.

Shi Mu was exhilarated to see the skeleton getting-up from the ground. His spirit dashed towards that skeleton as he started to operate the Art of Capturing Spirits. Suddenly, a pale white charm character flashed and got submerged in the skeleton’s skull. It then got engraved in its mind.

The skeleton was in a tragic state as it had withstood such a terrible fall. The pea-sized green flame flickering in its eye sockets… seemed as if it was about to extinguish. The skeleton didn’t resist; it accepted Shi Mu’s spirit mark in a calm manner.

Shi Mu had just planted his mark when he felt that his spirit had lost its consciousness. Suddenly, his spirit disappeared with a loud rumbling sound. Then, it changed into a group of multicolored transparent light balls, and shot towards the distant place at an unimaginable speed.

The green flame flickered within the skeleton’s eye sockets. The murderous aura that its body had been emitting vanished into thin air.

It stood motionless. Then, it looked towards the battle between the two skeleton armies in shock.

Suddenly, it turned around and started to walk in the opposite direction of the battlefield.

Suddenly, Shi Mu’s unconscious body – sitting cross-legged on the floor of the obese man’s secret room ¬– opened its eyes with a jolt. Shi Mu realized that his spirit had returned to his body.

He exhaled a long breath. He appeared exhausted due to the excessive consumption of his spirit power. However, his eyes revealed a trace of joy.

He had set foot in another space for the first time. However, he had succeeded in planting his mark. It was only a skeleton, but it was better than a worm. This achievement had surpassed his expectations.

Shi Mu started to practice the Art of Accumulating Spirit Power. Then, his exhausted spirit power began to restore.

Suddenly, the plump body of Young Master Ju – sitting opposite Shi Mu – trembled and became conscious. His chubby face glittered with exultation. It seemed that his journey had been fruitful.

“Judging from Young Master Ju’s cheerful appearance… it seems that he has reaped a huge benefit… much beyond his expectations…” Shi Mu stood-up and conjectured with a smile.

“Hehe… yes… pretty good! You too seem to be in high spirits. Did you manage to plant your spirit mark in such a short span of time?” the obese man asked in a surprised tone.

“This disciple has planted his spirit mark on a human skeleton,” Shi Mu calmly replied.

“Young boy, you seem to possess the talent to be a spirit grade Soul magician. Skeletons are considered as low-grade creatures in the Dead Spirit World. But still, a magician-practitioner like you shouldn’t have achieved this feat.” Young Master Ju touched his chin and expressed his admiration towards Shi Mu.

“Perhaps, I was lucky,” Shi Mu said with a smile.

Young Master Ju smiled back. But, he didn’t inquire any further. Instead, he started to collect the magic material that was spread on the floor.

The middle-level stones inserted in the indentations had lost their luster. It seemed that the spirit power inside them had been consumed.

Shi Mu was shocked.

The spirit power inside a middle-level stone was much more refined than a low-level stone. However, the spirit power of these stones had been consumed-up in only a single experiment.

Shi Mu finally understood the reason behind magic being considered to be an extremely expensive profession.

“I can tell by your expression that you want to summon that skeleton, don’t you?” The obese man pondered for a moment. Then, he asked with a faint smile.

“Young master Ju can clearly see through me… Can you please impart the knowledge regarding the Summoning Technique?” Shi Mu was taken aback by the obese man’s question. Then, he asked in an embarrassed tone.

The obese man nodded. Then, he left the stone room, and led Shi Mu into the entrance hall.

He asked Shi Mu to wait for him. Then, he fetched a thin booklet and a translucent porcelain bottle from a room, and handed them over to Shi Mu.

There was a pale yellow fluid inside the bottle; it was emitting bubbles. A faintly bitter smell oozed-out from the bottle, and spread in the air.

“The Art of Summoning is recorded in this booklet… And this bottle contains the Golden Lizard’s venom. You must be extremely careful while using this poison. Your bones disappear if it touches your body even a little bit,” Young Master Ju warned Shi Mu.

“Young Master Ju, thank you so much for your guidance.” Shi Mu received the bottle carefully. Then, he opened the booklet.

The Art of Summoning was indeed recorded in it. It didn’t seem to be complicated. Shi Mu was able to understand it with a little difficulty. However, several materials were required to arrange the circular pattern. Moreover, those materials were quite expensive.

Another art named ‘The Art of Binding Spirits’ was recorded in the last part of the booklet. Shi Mu went through it roughly, and deduced that it was the art of forming a ‘contract’.

“Young Master Ju… is this ‘The Art of Binding Spirits’?” Shi Mu’s eyes flashed as he asked.

“’The Art of Summoning’ mentioned in the booklet is about summoning creatures from a different space to our world. But… if you want to make that creature your servant… then you’ll have to use ‘The Art of Binding Spirits’ – to make a contract with the summoned creature. Otherwise, you won’t be able to beckon it once your spirit mark disappears from its body. In case you successfully make a ‘spirit contract’… then you can summon it anytime. You won’t have to arrange the circular pattern. You can summon it directly by the power of the ‘spirit contract’. But, it’ll demand a constant consumption of your spirit power if you intend to keep it by your side. The amount of consumption of your spirit power will depend on whether the creature is strong or weak. You’ll be able to retain a puny creature by your side for a long time if you become a Spirit Grade Magician – just like me,” the obese man explained.

“So, that’s how it is…” Shi Mu understood the entire matter.

“I must remind you that creatures from other spaces are hard to tame. So, it’s not easy to make a contract with them. Anyways… you can leave if you don’t have any other matter to discuss. I’ve got something important to take care of.” Young Master Ju offered his last piece of advice. Then, he asked him to leave while pointing at the door. After that, he turned around and walked inside.

Shi Mu bowed to him in obeisance, and expressed his gratitude. Then, he put-away the booklet and left.



Chapter 98: The Crafty Skeleton

In the Dead Spirit World…

The gray sky was shrouded by low-pressure clouds. Strong winds swept across the sky like a sharp knife.

The sky looked gloomy through the multiple layers of clouds; so much so that its sight could stir-up a feeling of depression within any human.

A single-armed human skeleton slowly advanced in the vicinity of a desolated hill. It was in an extremely tattered state.

The skeleton had lost several bones from its body. Moreover, several cracks could be seen on the surface of its remaining bones. In fact, a deep fissure on its ribs had separated its body into two halves.

The skeleton’s bones produced a creaking sound every time it took a step forward. It seemed like it could fall apart any moment.

However, it continued to advance forward. It would stop at regular intervals and raise its head towards the sky to gaze at the twelve blood-moons for a few seconds. The green flame in its eye-sockets would glitter in response.

The skeleton set its foot in a slope of black soil after a while. He sized-up the surrounding area, and continued to walk in a certain direction.

Suddenly, the soil near its feet split open. Then, a white shadow sprang out of it. It was a strange white worm. It was as thick as a human’s arm. It opened its mouth like a snake, and bit the skeleton’s ankle.

The green flame in the skeleton’s eye-sockets flickered. It couldn’t move since its ankle was in the grip of that strange white worm.

Suddenly, the skeleton bent and waved its arm across the worm. It then grabbed the rear part of its body with an unimaginable fast speed.

‘Hiss’ a mild sound was heard.

The skeleton exerted pressure and pulled the worm apart. The worm didn’t get any time to loosen its grip. It was torn into two halves. The front half of the worm’s body was still dangling from the skeleton’s ankle.

This happened extremely fast; as if in a flash of lightning. It couldn’t be imagined that a tattered and exhausted human skeleton could do such a thing.

It had appeared as if the skeleton couldn’t avoid the attack. But now, it seemed that it had deliberately set-up a trap.

The skeleton opened its mouth, and softly sucked-in.

A group of bean-sized green light-balls flew out of the worms’ corpse. The skeleton swallowed them quickly.

The green flame within its eye-sockets flickered slightly. It looked more exuberant now. A layer of faint black fog seemed to have appeared on its body.

A few fissures on its ribs started to heal, and become smaller.

Then, the black fog started to grow more and more somber. Finally, it disappeared.

The green flame within its eye-sockets sparkled a few times. Then, the skeleton continued to proceed at a slow pace. It seemed to be unaffected by what had happened a moment ago.

Shi Mu left Young Master Ju’s residence, and returned to his stone house.

He closed the door and sat down. A faint trace of excitement flashed through his eyes.

He had learnt a lot about the wonderful life of a Soul Magician while helping Young Master Ju in carrying out his experiment. Moreover, this experience had rendered him a hope that he could possibly become a Soul magician.

However, the expenses of a Soul magician seemed to be considerably higher than that of any other magician’s. He couldn’t afford it even though he was earning a decent amount of money.

Shi Mu remained silent for a moment. He then took out the thin booklet from his bosom, and started to read it carefully.

Then, he took a pen and a paper, and started to calculate the cost.

The final number froze his blood even though it was a rough calculation.

He found out that he needed four-hundred-thousand silvers to make arrangements for the Art of Summoning. Moreover, he would need to spend additional money in case he made a mistake during the process.

He smiled bitterly and put away the booklet.

He had recently received a payment after he had delivered a batch of paper charms to the Holy Spirit Association. So, he had accumulated around three-hundred-thousand silvers. However, he was still short of one-hundred-thousand silvers.

Moreover, he needed money to continue his practice of the Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants. He couldn’t stop the practice of this art in order to perform the beckoning ceremony.

Shi Mu sighed. He seemed to have given-up on the thought of performing the summoning ceremony for the time being.

He pondered for a moment. Then, he fished out the bottle of the Golden Lizard’s venom.

He decided to prioritize the matter of the meteoric-iron blade since he couldn’t summon the skeleton.

He had the Golden lizard’s venom now. So, there was the possibility that he could upgrade the black blade to a magic weapon. But, he couldn’t accomplish this task on his own. He needed to ask Zhao Ping for his assistance.

Shi Mu believed that Zhao Ping wouldn’t refuse him considering his current status as a Charm Magician. But, he needed to choose the charm spell that he would get engraved on the blade.

Shi Mu took out the jade slips of the ‘The Sacred Book of Charm Magic’. Then, he started to go through the various kinds of charm spells that were recorded in the book.

Three days later; in Zhao family’s blacksmith’s shop…

“Haha… Brother Shi is amazing. You obtained such a huge amount of the Golden Lizard’s venom in such a short time. That Golden Lizard is Young Master Ju’s treasure. We – the Flaming Beast Group – had previously spent a huge amount of money and efforts to get a tiny drop of this venom. But… you’ve obtained a big bottle of it. It’s truly admirable,” Zhao Ping burst out into an exclamation as he looked at the porcelain bottle. They were in the reception-room of the blacksmith’s shop.

“I was just lucky. I happened to help Young Master Ju a few days ago. So, he gave me this bottle of venom. Now, we can try to upgrade the blade to a magic weapon. I came here to ask Brother Zhao to do me some favors,” Shi Mu took a sip of tea from his teacup. He then said with a smile.

“Sure. No problem at all. I’ve made this black meteoric-iron blade with my own hands. So, I would like to refine it into a magic weapon,” Zhao Ping nodded without any hesitation.

Shi Mu had brought a huge number of paper charms; as requested by Zhao Ping.

Another charm magician wouldn’t have been able to make such a large number of paper charms even in a month. However, Shi Mu had completed them in only a few days.

Zhao Ping was surprised. This compelled him even more to pull Shi Mu to his side.

“Selecting a good day isn’t as good as bumping into one. So, let’s begin at once. Brother Shi, please follow me.” Zhao Ping stood-up and walked inside.

They arrived in a stone room. This place was the forging room. It was a spacious room, and was around 70 meters in length. Several stoves were set-up inside it in a perfect order. Each stove was blazing with raging flames. Therefore, the temperature of the room was extremely high.

Several sturdy men with bare upper-bodies were busy forging different weapons. ‘Bang’ ‘Bang’ continuous sound of striking metal rang everywhere.

They nodded with respect as they saw Zhao Ping and Shi Mu enter the room.

However, Zhao Ping didn’t pay attention to them. Instead, he led Shi Mu to the door of the innermost room of the shop. It was an airtight stone room.

“This is my special forging room; it’s reserved for me. It’s a little better than the ones that you saw outside,” Zhao Ping explained. He then pushed-open the door.

Shi Mu followed him. A scorching heat hit his face as he entered the room. Then, Zhao Ping shut the door again.

This room wasn’t big. It was made up of an unknown black stone. There was a stove inside the room. But, it was a lot smaller than the ones outside.

The flame emanating out of this stove was pure-white in color. Moreover, its heat was much more intense than the ones outside. Even the air over the stove was faintly rippling.

There was one forging table inside the room besides this stove; no other equipment could be seen.



Chapter 99: Superimposing the Charm Spell

Shi Mu noticed a circle of fiery-red charm characters engraved on the surface of the stove. These characters constituted a circular magic pattern that was exuding a magic wave.

“I had especially asked one of the Formula Magicians of our Sect to make this for me. It’s called the ‘All Positivity’ formula. It can enhance a flame’s temperature to a great extent,” Zhao Ping explained as he saw a surprised expression on Shi Mu’s face.

Shi Mu nodded. He felt that his chances of success might get higher with the help of this circular formula pattern.

“I had once thought of refining this meteoric-iron blade into a magic weapon. I had almost planned the basic steps. But, I couldn’t proceed with my plan because of its rising weight, and the unavailability of the Golden lizard’s poison. Brother Shi must have done a thorough research on the methods of refining a weapon. So, I’ll keep asking for your directions.” Zhao Ping took out a book from his shirt, and handed it over to Shi Mu with a smile.

“You flatter me, Brother Zhao. I can’t give you any direction. I’ve only consulted a few books and ancient records. They’ve provided necessary information related to refining various kinds of magic weapons. So, it’ll be me who would need your directions,” Shi Mu’s eyes revealed a hint of astonishment as he heard Zhao Ping’s words. He received the book and replied with a smile.

Then, he opened the book and glanced through it attentively. He continued to discuss the process of refining a weapon with Zhao Ping while he was at it.

Shi Mu wasn’t skilled in casting weapons. However, he commanded a better understanding of charm characters and formula magic than Zhao Ping.

The two of them finally reached a decision after a long discussion. They divided the work among themselves.

“Oh… by the way… what kind of charm spell does Brother Shi wants to inscribe on the blade?” Zhao Ping asked.

“Fierce Inflammation Charm Magic,” Shi Mu replied without any hesitation.

“Fierce Inflammation Charm Magic! As far as I know… this charm spell consists of twelve characters. This is the most complicated low-grade charm spell,” Zhao Ping was startled.

“That’s right,” Shi Mu replied with a smile. He had chosen this charm spell after going through a careful consideration.

Shi Mu couldn’t draw many charm spells. Moreover, the Fierce Inflammation Charm Spell was an extremely formidable spell. However, Shi Mu had drawn this charm spell several times before. So, he was familiar with its complexity. In addition, the meteoric-iron black blade was excessively heavy. So, Shi Mu’s striking power would be enormously enhanced if such a formidable charm spell was carved on his blade.

“Brother Shi seems extremely determined. So, I presume that he must be extremely confident about this. Let’s begin right away.” Zhao Ping nodded in agreement as he noticed a firm resolve on Shi Mu’s face. Then, he started to adjust the flame of the stove.

Shi Mu pulled out the black blade, and handed it over to Zhao Ping.

Zhao Ping was responsible for the preliminary work. Shi Mu was responsible for the latter part of the process – to carve the charm characters on the blade.

The temperature of the room started to rise as the stove’s flame increased under Zhao Ping’s control.

The flame’s intensity finally reached the required degree. Then, Zhao Ping gripped the black blade with a thirty-meters-long fire tongs, and placed it on the stove.

He then fished-out two fiery-red crystal stones from his bosom. They were two low-grade spirit stones of the fire element. He placed them in the two indentations on the stove.

Bang!

Suddenly, the charm characters in the circular pattern of the stove glittered brightly. They exuded a burst of bright-red light as the fire in the stove flickered and became smaller. However, the flame became more refined. Moreover, the intensity of its heat increased by twofold.

Zhao Ping’s back had been soaked in sweat. Bean-sized sweat droplets were dripping down from his forehead and cheeks. But, he didn’t seem to pay any attention to it. His eyes were locked on the black blade inside the flame. His hands flipped over the blade in a continuous manner.

The black blade’s color became bright-red inside the blazing flame within half-an-hour.

Shi Mu wiped the sweat pouring down his face. His eyes brimmed with happiness.

A common stove wouldn’t have achieved such a result if the ‘All Positivity’ formula hadn’t been inscribed on it.

Zhao Ping’s complexion became dignified as he looked at the changing color of the black blade. Suddenly, he widened his eyes and grasped the fire tongs. Then, he removed the red-hot iron blade from the flame, and placed it on the forging platform.

“The venom!” he asked in a low tone as he stretched-out his hand.

Shi Mu hastily handed over the bottle to him.

Zhao Ping took the bottle. Then, he said something in a low voice. Suddenly, a faint layer of red light emerged on his body; especially on his palms. After that, an intense heat began to diffuse in the air. It formed a light fervent whirlwind which began to swirl around his body.

A trace of strange look flashed across Shi Mu’s eyes. Zhao Ping seemed to be practicing the cultivation art related to fire element. It was clear that he had reached a level that was far above Bai Shi’s.

Zhao Ping opened the lid of the bottle and inclined it. Thick drops of pale-yellow liquid rolled down and fell on the black blade.

He issued a muffled sound as a group of red light emerged on his palm. It then enveloped the blade like a flame.

“Chi… Chi” a crackling sound was heard.

The yellow fluid changed its form under the Zhao Ping’s control. It transformed into a thin layer of membrane – similar to a yellow onion’s skin. It gradually covered the entire surface of the black blade.

“All right! The surface of the blade has begun to soften under the effect of high temperature and venom. It’ll become hard once its temperature declines. Brother Shi, hurry up! Record the charm spell fast.” Suddenly, the red light under Zhao Ping ’s control dissipated. His face looked pale due to exhaustion. He stepped back and said.

Shi Mu had been waiting for this moment. He quickly took out the red magic brush.

This brush was special as its tip was unusually hard. Shi Mu used a different brush for drawing paper charms. This brush was especially made for drawing charm spell during the process of refining a magic weapon.

He took a deep breath. Then, he placed his brush on the red hot blade. His wrist began to move steadily like an expert.

His eyes had transformed into a pair of pale-golden eyes. Zhao Ping couldn’t see Shi Mu’s face as he stood behind him. Therefore, Shi Mu wasn’t worried about being observed.

However, Zhao Ping could clearly observe his proficiency through the swift movement of his wrist.

Shi Mu breathed in a slow and gentle manner as he drew the charm spell. The charm characters gradually started to emerge on the surface of the blade.

All the twelve charm characters had been finally inscribed on the blade. The Fiery Inflammation Charm Spell was complete now.

All the characters glimmered with a faint-red luminescence as Shi Mu finished the last stroke. They exuded a formidable magic wave of the fire element.

“It has turned out be a success!”

Zhao Ping couldn’t help but exclaim aloud. He was exhilarated.

Surprisingly, Shi Mu didn’t stop. His wrist continued to move skillfully. The red magic brush fell on the first character of the Charm spell, and started to move again.

“Brother Shi… you… don’t tell me that you wish to superimpose the charm spell…” Zhao Ping was dumbfounded. He spoke in a whispering tone.

However, Shi Mu didn’t react. He seemed to be completely absorbed in his work.

Zhao Ping sucked in a long breath. His eyes revealed a trace of disbelief as he looked towards Shi Mu’s movement.

Superimposing a charm spell at the time of refining a magic-weapon could enhance might of that magic-weapon. But, superimposing a charm spell was an extremely difficult task.

The overlaying characters must be exactly the same, and should be overlaid at the same place. Even the tiniest mistake could destroy the spell and the weapon.

It was extremely difficult to record even a single charm spell on a weapon… So, superimposing a charm spell was next to impossible. Only a few proficient Charm Magicians had ever dared to attempt this.

After all, recording two identical charm spells was an awfully arduous task.

Shi Mu’s eyes were still emitting a pale-yellow light. His wrist continued to move swiftly. The second charm spell got completed after a while.

The red light sparkled again. Then, the charm spell on the surface of the blade lit-up brighter than before.

Zhao Ping exhaled a long sigh of relief. His quivering heart finally calmed down. He was about to say something, but then his complexion became dignified instead.

